<think>
Let me carefully scan the transcript for any mentions of tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads.

I'll go through the transcript and extract every reference to Twitter/X activity:

1. "I've slept three hours every single night because posting on Twitter has been so fun." - This refers to someone's Twitter activity, but it doesn't quote a specific tweet.

2. "You guys are famous. Like the podcast of the Tech Bro podcast, sorry, the host of the Tech Bro podcast, you guys are famous." - This mentions the podcast being famous, but doesn't reference a specific tweet.

3. "You guys are so far into the right tail, but how many people are there like you?" - This is a discussion point about the podcast's popularity, but not about a specific tweet.

4. "I was actually like in the process when I joined them I was in process of rewriting it so that I could deploy on web like applications" - This is about a product, not a tweet.

5. "I'm probably going to go and it's going to be pretty fun." - This is about going to Palo Alto, not about a tweet.

6. "I've slept three hours every single night because posting on Twitter has been so fun." - This mentions posting on Twitter, but doesn't quote a specific tweet.

7. "I don't want funding. I probably is raising" - This is about fundraising, not a tweet.

8. "I love this there were sponsors when you would open a new ding board file It would just have a semi analysis ad from doing me., they're still there." - This mentions a sponsor, but not a specific tweet.

9. "He's that passport with Ben Thompson, but anyway, he's the man and we love him" - This refers to a person (Dylan Patel), but not a specific tweet.

10. "I mean, I'm a big believer in like honesty and stuff like that." - This is a general comment, not about a specific tweet.

11. "I've been building things." - This refers to physical projects, not tweets.

12. "I need cash flow." - This is about business, not a tweet.

13. "I'm not going to race. I think I can do it." - This is about a project, not a tweet.

14. "I could actually go back to X." - This refers to the company X (formerly Twitter), not a specific tweet.

15. "I'm a huge fan of you guys." - This is a general compliment, not about a specific tweet.

16. "I've slept three hours every single night because posting on Twitter has been so fun." - This is mentioned again, but not a specific tweet.

17. "I'm going to actually do it." - This refers to a project, not a tweet.

18. "I mean, I'm a big believer in like honesty and stuff like that." - This is a general comment.

19. "It's like, I mean, like, you know, I'm a big believer in like honesty and stuff like that." - Again, a general comment.

20. "I'm going to try to become an actual billionaire." - This is a general statement.

21. "I'm going to realize like, holy shit, like all the CAD software fucking sucks." - This is about a project.

22. "I'm going to build it because I can." - This is about a project.

23. "You need some cashflow." - This is about business.

24. "I'm dinged up." - This is about a product, not a tweet.

25. "I'm a ding scriber." - This is about a product subscription.

26. "You have to get the, dude, Jordy, never get that wrong again." - This is a conversation about a product.

27. "I'm going to write React." - This is about software development.

28. "I mean, let me flex on you guys a bit." - This is a conversation.

29. "I have a custom framework I've written for Neo Vim." - This is about software.

30. "So, okay, okay." - This is a conversation.

31. "You're a ding scriber." - This is about a product.

32. "Ding scriber." - This is about a product.

33. "I'm ding maxing." - This is about a product.

34. "Yeah, I actually don't have the code." - This is about software.

35. "It's like on my server." - This is about software.

36. "I'm a conversion god." - This is a general comment.

37. "I'm not like giving all of my work away to, I don't need a PhD level intelligence because I'm not a PhD level guy." - This is a general comment.

38. "I need a model that can listen to me and understand what I mean and kind of like, doesn't avoid using too many if statements." - This is about software development.

39. "Stop, just stop using if statements and like, yeah." - This is about software development.

40. "You're gonna make any products in the parenting space?" - This is a question.

41. "Yeah, so actually I had an idea." - This is about a product idea.

42. "I'm going to put it public." - This is about a product.

43. "I never update the software and I never write anything private on it." - This is about software.

44. "I'm just going to do it for myself." - This is a general comment.

45. "I'm pulling up the ladder behind me." - This is a general comment.

46. "I know how much this is like how valuable this is." - This is a general comment.

47. "It's like, fuck man." - This is a general comment.

48. "You can actually go change it." - This is about software.

49. "It's not that hard." - This is a general comment.

50. "It's actually not, get a 3D printer, watch some YouTube videos." - This is about building things.

51. "YouTube is great products." - This is about YouTube content.

52. "I would love it if they stopped putting shorts because there's so many great videos we can learn." - This is about YouTube content.

53. "Stop with the shorts, stop." - This is about YouTube content.

54. "This'll be on TikTok maybe." - This is about TikTok content.

55. "We'll put subway surfers over you, anything." - This is about content.

56. "It depends on how good your podcast is yeah, okay, okay? We're gonna keep working on it." - This is about the podcast.

57. "I mean, I'm a big believer in like honesty and stuff like that." - This is a general comment.

After carefully reviewing the entire transcript, I don't see any specific mentions of tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads with verbatim content. The transcript mentions "posting on Twitter" and "X" (formerly Twitter) as a company, but doesn't quote or describe any specific tweets, replies, or threads.

The transcript mentions:
- "posting on Twitter" (general activity, not a specific tweet)
- "X" (the company, not a specific tweet)
- "Dingboard" (a product, not a tweet)
- "semi analysis ad" (a sponsor, not a tweet)
- "Ben Thompson" (a person, not a tweet)

There are no specific tweet contents mentioned in the transcript that we could extract as verbatim quotes. The only mention of Twitter is the general statement "posting on Twitter has been so fun" without any specific tweet content being quoted.

So, I'll return an empty tweets array as there are no specific tweet references to extract.

</think>

{
  "episode_date": "2024-07-01",
  "tweets": []
}