<think>
I need to carefully extract all references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads from this podcast transcript.

Let me go through the transcript and find all mentions of Twitter/X activity:

1. "We've had Lambda on the show" - This is a reference to having had Lambda (a company) on the show, not specifically a tweet.

2. "We've had CoreWeave on the show" - Same as above.

3. "I've been wanting to have you on the show for months. We've printed your posts, we've reacted to your posts, and now you're finally here." - This refers to Nikunj's posts on Twitter, but doesn't quote a specific tweet.

4. "I'm seeing on the sidelines" - This is a general reference, not a specific tweet.

5. "I have no predictions on kind of how it goes. The rise of like lovable, replet and bold all doing such insane revenue numbers is probably like what's causing some people to play defense, but it just means software is just gonna keep growing and growing and spend on software is just gonna go parabolic in the next five years." - This is a general statement about companies, not a specific tweet.

6. "And I'm seeing the Clueless of the world" - This is a general reference to a company called "Clueless" (likely a typo for "Clue" or "Clueless" as a product), not a specific tweet.

7. "I think it's wild how much the AI boom is driving everything" - This is a general statement, not a specific tweet.

8. "I'm seeing on the sidelines" - Again, a general reference.

9. "I was like, I'm going to have to do a post about this." - This is a general statement about making a post, not a specific tweet.

10. "I mean, I've been reading technical papers trying to figure out is there a new architecture? Is there a new transformer like model that will come up?" - This is a general statement, not a specific tweet.

11. "I think I'm going to have to do a post about this." - This is a general statement about making a post, not a specific tweet.

12. "I know that's a bullshit answer, but I think some of it is kind of like, how much data do you have?" - This is a general statement, not a specific tweet.

13. "I've written a long piece on this." - This is a reference to a post the speaker has written, but doesn't quote the content.

14. "I have a post to pull up before we wrap." - This is a reference to a post they're about to pull up, but the content of the post isn't described in the transcript.

Let me look for more specific references to tweets:

15. "And then the other news around Nvidia is that they've launched DGX Leptone Cloud" - This is news about Nvidia, not a Twitter post.

16. "Jensen Huang announced DJX Lepton with the goal of effectively commoditizing inference compute at global scale." - This is a news announcement, not a Twitter post.

17. "I've been wanting to have you on the show for months. We've printed your posts, we've reacted to your posts, and now you're finally here." - This is a general reference to Nikunj's posts, but doesn't quote any specific tweet.

18. "And then the Wall Street Journal has some story here covering it saying it's ruffling tech giants. Nvidia is ruffling the tech giants with move into cloud computing." - This is a reference to a Wall Street Journal article, not a Twitter post.

19. "We've had Lambda on the show" - This is a reference to having Lambda (a company) on the show, not a specific tweet.

20. "I've seen this post on Twitter" - I don't see any mention of "I've seen this post on Twitter" in the transcript.

21. "I've seen some posts on Twitter" - I don't see this exact phrase.

22. "And I'm seeing the Clueless of the world" - This is a reference to a company called "Clueless" (likely a typo for "Clue" or "Clueless" as a product), not a specific tweet.

23. "I've seen the viral video of the clear can" - This is a reference to a viral video, not a Twitter post.

24. "We sent influencer gift packages. We sent a case of orca and then like an AI photo of their dad jacked that we sent him jacked, but he was out of town." - This is a reference to a marketing tactic, not a specific tweet.

25. "I think it's wild how much the AI boom is driving everything" - This is a general statement, not a specific tweet.

26. "I'm seeing on the sidelines" - This is a general reference to observations, not a specific tweet.

27. "We've had Lambda on the show" - This is a reference to having a company on the show, not a specific tweet.

28. "We've had CoreWeave on the show" - This is a reference to having a company on the show, not a specific tweet.

29. "I'm seeing the Clueless of the world" - This is a reference to a company called "Clueless" (likely a typo for "Clue" or "Clueless" as a product), not a specific tweet.

30. "I think it's wild how much the AI boom is driving everything" - This is a general statement, not a specific tweet.

31. "I've seen the viral video of the clear can" - This is a reference to a viral video, not a Twitter post.

32. "We sent influencer gift packages. We sent a case of orca and then like an AI photo of their dad jacked that we sent him jacked, but he was out of town." - This is a reference to a marketing tactic, not a specific tweet.

I'm not finding any specific tweet content quoted in the transcript. The only references to Twitter are general mentions of "posts" or "tweets" without quoting the actual content.

Let me double check for any specific tweet content:

- "I've been wanting to have you on the show for months. We've printed your posts, we've reacted to your posts, and now you're finally here." - This is a reference to Nikunj's posts, but doesn't quote the actual content of any specific tweet.

- "We've printed your posts" - This means they printed out his posts, but doesn't quote the content.

- "I've seen this post on Twitter" - I don't see this exact phrase.

- "I've seen some posts on Twitter" - I don't see this exact phrase.

- "I've seen the viral video" - This is about a video, not a Twitter post.

- "I've seen the Clueless of the world" - This is about a company, not a Twitter post.

- "I've seen the viral video of the clear can" - This is about a video, not a Twitter post.

- "I've seen the viral video" - This is about a video, not a Twitter post.

I don't see any specific tweets, quote tweets, replies, or threads that are quoted or described in the transcript.

The only possible reference is "We've printed your posts" referring to Nikunj's posts, but this doesn't provide the actual content of the tweets.

So I think I need to return an empty tweets array since I can't find any specific tweet content that is quoted or described in the transcript.

Let me check once more for any specific tweet content that might be described:

- "I've seen the viral video of the clear can" - This is about a video, not a tweet.

- "We've printed your posts" - This refers to Nikunj's posts, but doesn't quote them.

- "I've seen this post on Twitter" - This phrase doesn't appear.

- "I've seen some posts on Twitter" - This phrase doesn't appear.

- "I've seen the Clueless of the world" - This is a reference to a company, not a specific tweet.

- "I've seen the viral video" - This is about a video, not a tweet.

I think I've thoroughly checked for any specific tweet content and can't find any that's quoted or described in the transcript. The references are all to general posts or mentions without specific content.

So my final answer will be an empty tweets array.

</think>

{
  "episode_date": "2025-04-10",
  "tweets": []
}