<think>
We are extracting every reference to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads from the provided podcast transcript.

Let's go through the transcript and look for any mentions of Twitter/X, tweets, posts, etc.

Key points to look for:
- Any mention of "tweet", "X", "Twitter", "timeline", "on the timeline", "quote tweet", "reply", "thread", etc.
- The exact wording of the tweet as described in the transcript (verbatim)
- The author of the tweet (if specified) or "unknown"
- The context of why it was mentioned on the show

Let's scan the transcript:

1. "We've had a lot of wins in the space industry recently. It's tough. It's tough to bootstrap an economy. Like, it is an incredible milestone, and yet America's done it. So there's not as much of an incentive just to be the first." - This is about space, not Twitter.

2. "We've got to get back. We've got to get back. Welcome to the stream, Mark." - This is a podcast intro, not a tweet.

3. "Kanye West's former mansion has relisted amid dispute." - This is a news item, not a tweet.

4. "For his part, Mazzela has said a peak under the hood revealed the project would require hundreds of thousands, maybe millions of dollars more than anticipated." - This is a quote from Mazzela, not a tweet.

5. "I'm not a condom of misleading me." - This is a typo (probably "condemn") and not a tweet.

6. "There he is." - Not a tweet.

7. "Gabe from Mischief, how you doing, Gabe." - Not a tweet.

8. "I didn't think anybody looked at that." - Referring to a tweet? The transcript says: "Oh, you saw the Twitter. I didn't think anybody looked at that." So this is about a tweet that Gabe posted.

   - Author: Gabe (from Mischief)
   - Content: The tweet isn't quoted, but the host says "you saw the Twitter" and then "I didn't think anybody looked at that." So the content isn't provided verbatim. We have to look for what the tweet was about.

   Looking at the context: "I didn't think anybody looked at that. Oh, everyone saw that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's, sure, sure. What do we do this week? Well, we launched an agency called Applied Mischief."

   So the tweet was about launching the agency called Applied Mischief.

   However, the transcript does not quote the actual tweet. It only says "you saw the Twitter" and then they talk about it.

   Rule: "content" = verbatim quote of the tweet as read/described in the transcript.

   Since the actual content of the tweet isn't quoted, we cannot make it up. We have to use what's in the transcript.

   The transcript says: "I didn't think anybody looked at that." and then "Oh, everyone saw that." but doesn't give the tweet.

   However, note: "Oh, you saw the Twitter." - so the tweet was about "Applied Mischief" or the agency.

   But we don't have the exact words. So we cannot invent it.

   We have to look for any exact quote.

   Let me check again: the transcript doesn't provide the actual text of the tweet. It only mentions that Gabe posted it.

   So we have to mark it as a reference without the content? But the schema requires "content".

   Rule: If the exact quote isn't provided, we cannot make it up. We have to skip it? But the rule says "Include EVERY mention".

   However, the instruction says: "verbatim quote of the tweet as read/described in the transcript"

   Since the transcript doesn't give the words, we cannot provide a content. But note: the transcript says "you saw the Twitter", meaning the tweet was about the agency, but we don't have the words.

   We must have the words to put in "content". If they are not provided, then we cannot extract.

   So we skip? But let's see if there's any other mention.

9. "Oh, everyone saw that." - This is the host saying that the tweet was seen, but not the content.

10. "We launched an agency called Applied Mischief." - This is the content of the tweet, but it's the host describing what was in the tweet, not the exact quote.

    The transcript: "I didn't think anybody looked at that. Oh, everyone saw that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's, sure, sure. What do we do this week? Well, we launched an agency called Applied Mischief."

    So the tweet must have been "We launched an agency called Applied Mischief" or something similar, but we don't have the exact words.

    Since the exact words aren't provided, we cannot extract a tweet for this.

11. "I'm not a condom of misleading me." - This is a typo, but it's not a tweet.

12. "I've never understood the rationale." - Not a tweet.

13. "It feels like performance art." - Not a tweet.

14. "Kanye West's former mansion has relisted amid dispute." - This is a news item, but the transcript doesn't say it's a tweet. It's a segment.

15. "For his part, Mazzela has said a peak under the hood revealed the project would require hundreds of thousands, maybe millions of dollars more than anticipated." - Not a tweet.

16. "I'm not a condom of misleading me." - Again, typo.

17. "The idea that a, you know, a 20-ish million dollar property would go over budget by hundreds of thousands of dollars." - Not a tweet.

18. "I know exactly. Yeah." - Not a tweet.

19. "How, the idea that a, you know, a 20-ish million dollar property would go over budget by hundreds of thousands of dollars." - Not a tweet.

20. "It's like buying, you know, going to Sotheby's and buying a piece of art. It's like performance art." - Not a tweet.

21. "Yeah, yeah. Was it performance art or was it more just like Kanye actually wanted to renovate it and the renovation just went off the rails?" - Not a tweet.

22. "Because, I mean, people tear houses down to the studs all the time, get hung up and permitting, and then they just have like a cement slab outside their house for 10 months." - Not a tweet.

23. "For 10 years." - Not a tweet.

24. "Speaking from experience here." - Not a tweet.

25. "I'm not a condom of misleading me." - Not a tweet.

26. "How, the idea that a, you know, a 20-ish million dollar property would go over budget by hundreds of thousands of dollars." - Not a tweet.

27. "I know exactly. Yeah." - Not a tweet.

28. "It feels extremely like basically exactly what you should." - Not a tweet.

29. "Look at these pictures. Like, I honestly think that somebody would buy this in its current state." - Not a tweet.

30. "Yeah. Just like keep it. Keep it crazy. Like it's almost like a monument to going insane." - Not a tweet.

31. "Yeah. It's like it is. And I've never understood the rationale." - Not a tweet.

32. "It feels like having this like incredibly, this incredible, you know, brutalist but beautiful home and then just destroying it now feels like it's, it's like buying, you know, going to Sotheby's and buying a piece of art." - Not a tweet.

33. "It's like performance art." - Not a tweet.

34. "I think everyone knows you." - Not a tweet.

35. "I didn't think anybody looked at that." - This is the host referring to a tweet, but the content isn't given.

    We have to decide: do we include it? The rule says "every reference", but if we don't have the content, we can't put it in the JSON.

    The schema requires "content", so without the exact words, we cannot include it.

    However, note: the transcript says "you saw the Twitter" and then they talk about the agency. But the actual tweet content isn't quoted.

    So we skip.

36. "Oh, everyone saw that." - This is the host saying people saw the tweet, but not the content.

37. "We launched an agency called Applied Mischief." - This is the host's description of the tweet, not the tweet itself.

    We cannot use this as the content because it's not verbatim from the tweet.

    Therefore, we have no tweet content to extract.

38. "Gabe from Mischief, how you doing, Gabe." - This is the host addressing Gabe, not a tweet.

39. "I didn't think anybody looked at that." - This is the host's comment about the tweet, not the tweet.

40. "Oh, everyone saw that." - Same as above.

41. "Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's, sure, sure." - Not a tweet.

42. "What do we do this week? Well, we launched an agency called Applied Mischief." - Host's description.

43. "We've been operating like that for a second now and to make that efficient there's been an internal back office that's like normal right like finance legal manufacturing customer support but also like design and marketing and that's a group that not only does design but also applies that sort of like mischief magic like viral juice or whatever." - Not a tweet.

44. "So the thinking here was we might as well open up that to external clients." - Not a tweet.

45. "It can become a profit center, which is great." - Not a tweet.

46. "But the other part is like maybe it can make our world a little bit bigger too because we're hungry for more formats." - Not a tweet.

47. "We've made so much stuff over the last like six years." - Not a tweet.

48. "What have we not touched yet?" - Not a tweet.

49. "And like maybe we won't get sued this time around." - Not a tweet.

50. "Well, it's it's there what what seems obviously exciting to me is partnering with with global companies" - Not a tweet.

51. "I mean sure i'm sure you'll partner with with startups and and scale ups and things like that but what what gets exciting at a certain point has to be scale" - Not a tweet.

52. "There's so much hey instead of selling like a thousand of this thing can we figure out it's like partner with the company does an apple ad it's like that's just not there's something special about that" - Not a tweet.

53. "I'm not just like giving it." - Not a tweet.

54. "It's almost like patronage in some ways." - Not a tweet.

55. "It's marketing, but it's just like it's still art and it's cool and it's like unbridled." - Not a tweet.

56. "No, totally, totally, right?" - Not a tweet.

57. "Like the way that we look at these is like it's not a service that we're providing necessarily." - Not a tweet.

58. "Like there are brands and entities and culture that we perceive as cultural material." - Not a tweet.

59. "The same way artists looks at their material is like paint or sculpture or marble or whatever." - Not a tweet.

60. "Like for us, Coca-Cola is material." - Not a tweet.

61. "Give us that." - Not a tweet.

62. "And we'll make something new with it instead of fabricating a marketing story to sell more units that people sit through now anyways, right?" - Not a tweet.

63. "The opportunity is like there's just so much cultural material being left on the table to make new things went." - Not a tweet.

64. "Well, we'll talk after the stream." - Not a tweet.

65. "I have a bunch of question." - Not a tweet.

66. "One, quickly on the business model of the new agency, is there a world where you would, you know, the standard agency model will be like, hey, let's do this project and we'll charge you like a million bucks or a couple million bucks." - Not a tweet.

67. "But there's some scenarios where you could actually, I imagine, if it was a one-off more like drop style, you could take a percentage of the sales even." - Not a tweet.

68. "Is that something you would ever explore to get to really bet on your stuff?" - Not a tweet.

69. "and say like, hey, we think we could sell like a $10 million of this and we'll only price based on success." - Not a tweet.

70. "Is that something you would consider doing?" - Not a tweet.

71. "It's totally on the table. And it's not, that's not even uncommon from like the collaboration route." - Not a tweet.

72. "Like some of the collaborations that we've done in the past have been that kind of model where it's like you make a bunch of product together. We both invest on our own ends. And then you split the cut afterwards." - Not a tweet.

73. "I think what's more interesting though is because of mischief's position as like this artistic entity like in a way like we have a personality we have an audience and so we're actually like building a pipeline of joint ventures" - Not a tweet.

74. "yeah that's what i was getting yeah it's not even about 10,000 units we're talking about millions of units yeah over forever basically yeah exactly yeah like i want i want the i want a mischief themed line of of kids toys right" - Not a tweet.

75. "Like, I would happily buy those." - Not a tweet.

76. "I would buy a bunch of those, right?" - Not a tweet.

77. "And so that's like, if you partner with the right company, that should be in the, you know, my personal lifetime value would be in the hundreds of dollars." - Not a tweet.

78. "And I would even pay a premium because I know it's you guys behind it." - Not a tweet.

79. "Another question I have, you know, I've leveraged the drops kind of model to do marketing." - Not a tweet.

80. "I was inspired by you guys to do marketing for my last company party round." - Not a tweet.

81. "And something that I've noticed recently, a lot of companies in tech say they want to do drops." - Not a tweet.

82. "And it's because they're inspired by mischief." - Not a tweet.

83. "And they just see like, drops get attention." - Not a tweet.

84. "I want attention." - Not a tweet.

85. "One drop, please, sir." - Not a tweet.

86. "One drop, please." - Not a tweet.

87. "The usual, sir." - Not a tweet.

88. "Sign up." - Not a tweet.

89. "No, but the thing I usually push back on and the thing I'm curious to get your opinion on is like, I think when companies think they want to do drops, what they really want to do is true advertising." - Not a tweet.

90. "And they don't even know the difference." - Not a tweet.

91. "and so like where where's that line for you and how often are you know would you talk to a company and it's like what you really want is to do advertising just like a consistent message delivered via every channel forever might be the right thing not even forever or like for a few months or a quarter" - Not a tweet.

92. "yeah i would i would take it even further and it's it's like that is the final goal which is like get a message out into the people get them talking whatever but like the the focus on the drop is is misplaced drop is just a delivery mechanism for something new" - Not a tweet.

93. "what these guys are actually looking for like what they actually want at the end of the day is how do you break through the noise and right now you can either just make more content which honestly the ROI I think is going down on that there's too much content and not enough demand sorry that's just how it is" - Not a tweet.

94. "but the opportunity is you can make new things that fit within your brand parameters that use your brand as cultural material that are actually interesting, that are tactile, that have a story to them." - Not a tweet.

95. "And if they happen to be ephemeral, then it's a drop." - Not a tweet.

96. "But don't get hung up on the drop." - Not a tweet.

97. "Just make something interesting." - Not a tweet.

98. "Are our ideas valuable?" - Not a tweet.

99. "And if you had to, you know, what kind of think about like a making something new, how much is it, is it the idea versus the execution in your view?" - Not a tweet.

100. "Also, yeah, do you hire idea guys?" - Not a tweet.

101. "And, then like operational excellent people and they're like a dividing yeah and and to me i i i john and i will sit down with companies that we're friends with and we'll generate like 20 ideas it ends up being super frustrating because you're like we're getting you this like incredible idea it doesn't even cost a lot to do and if you do it right like it could be like a million dollars of like you know brand value however you want to measure that but it it feels like you can give people these these things that in your hands they might be million dollar ideas but but poorly executed or they're a negative value" - Not a tweet.

102. "totally i think it's like uh like squeezing a balloon on two ends like there's the conceptual power and then there's the execution uh there are things where like the concept is really high and the execution doesn't have to be crazy you don't need a huge budget it's just a good idea and it's going to work what you typically see a lot of brands do is they're afraid of good ideas because good ideas have not been done by definition." - Not a tweet.

103. "So they lean more on the execution and you see like large budgets and like huge bloated teams and production." - Not a tweet.

104. "So it's sort of like now if you can dial in both, that's the magic, right?" - Not a tweet.

105. "But that's really hard to do because more money, more risk, you want to, it's you just, you don't, you want to de-risk on the concept side." - Not a tweet.

106. "John, to your question, I don't hire idea people." - Not a tweet.

107. "everyone here is an idea person" - Not a tweet.

108. "I'll give you an example a couple of years ago we made handbags right they're very expensive the smaller they get the more expensive they become so we made a microscopic handbag that sold at auction for $63,000 dollars at Paris Fashion Week at Borelles whatever coronation of Louis Vuitton" - Not a tweet, but a description of an event.

109. "that idea came from a summer intern anyone here can have an idea right the lawyer our general counsel joins brainstorms our ops lead once brainstorming because being creative doesn't mean you have good ideas." - Not a tweet.

110. "Being creative just means you're human." - Not a tweet.

111. "You have insights and you have reactions to things that are going around you." - Not a tweet.

112. "That's it." - Not a tweet.

113. "And then also, like, being creative means you're not afraid to, like, look stupid." - Not a tweet.

114. "And I think that's, like, a big defining trade here because anybody can look stupid here, including myself." - Not a tweet.

115. "What, uh, have you ever seen highly complex ideas work well as marketing, advertising, stunts." - Not a tweet.

116. "This is something that we end up talking with." - Not a tweet.

117. "I think David Ogilvy said, like, simple ideas are powerful ideas." - This is a quote from David Ogilvy, but it's not a tweet. It's a quote from a book.

    The transcript says: "I think David Ogilvy said, like, simple ideas are powerful ideas."

    This is a reference to what David Ogilvy said, but it's not a tweet. It's a quote from a person (Ogilvy) that was said in a book or article, not on Twitter.

    So we don't count it.

118. "That's certainly something I've seen in mischiefs work throughout your entire career." - Not a tweet.

119. "But is there some sort of contrarian or nuance to that concept?" - Not a tweet.

120. "I think there could be." - Not a tweet.

121. "The line that we use here is a good idea should slap in one sentence and then slap even harder in three." - Not a tweet.

122. "And that just means there are layers, right?" - Not a tweet.

123. "Like you appreciate it, for the headline, but if you really dig into it, you're like, wait up, is this thing making fun of me?" - Not a tweet.

124. "And do I still like it?" - Not a tweet.

125. "And am I going to buy it?" - Not a tweet.

126. "And if I buy it, am I a chump or am I a patron of the arts, right?" - Not a tweet.

127. "It's like, the layers are good." - Not a tweet.

128. "The ambiguity is good." - Not a tweet.

129. "But at the end of the day, like, from a marketing perspective, just being practical right now, like, people's attention spans are so low." - Not a tweet.

130. "And honestly, like, people are just, we're all, like, distracted so you don't have a lot of window to like nail it so you do got to have that one lighter like pretty dialed it how how dialed in is your crystal ball when it comes to releasing new things on the internet" - Not a tweet.

131. "like do you have a do you feel like you usually have like a pretty accurate sense of how much attention something will get you get surprised or do you still get surprised often" - Not a tweet.

132. "totally still get surprised like you always get surprised I think it's easy for us to fall in a comfort zone where we're like, oh yeah, like this will work because what that ends up doing is you start coming up with ideas based on a framework of what has worked." - Not a tweet.

133. "We actually put in a lot of effort to come up with formats and mechanisms that don't really fit into our existing framework that we're like, oh, I don't know if this is going to work." - Not a tweet.

134. "And is this offensive?" - Not a tweet.

135. "I don't know." - Not a tweet.

136. "Are people going to buy slices of this giant? foam baby that we're cutting up in Brooklyn, I don't know. They did." - Not a tweet.

137. "But no, you know, like." - Not a tweet.

138. "Is there a project that you think is like criminally underrated?" - Not a tweet.

139. "People are obviously familiar with the boots." - Not a tweet.

140. "They're familiar with the, uh, the, the, the shoes and the footwear stuff and some of the other projects." - Not a tweet.

141. "But what, what's your, what's your example of a project? You're like, ah, that's still like one of my favorites." - Not a tweet.

142. "Good question." - Not a tweet.

143. "And the reason it didn't really get seen as much is because, to be honest, we were a little bit scared." - Not a tweet.

144. "Okay." - Not a tweet.

145. "And so, you know, buried it in an art show that we did." - Not a tweet.

146. "But are you guys familiar with the paradox of the ship of Theseus?" - Not a tweet.

147. "Yes, but explain it for the listener." - Not a tweet.

148. "Totally." - Not a tweet.

149. "So it's like, it's this old paradox where I imagine you have this like large wooden ship." - Not a tweet.

150. "And every day, over seven years, you're coming up with a new piece of wood, identical to a piece of wood on the ship and you are swapping it out." - Not a tweet.

151. "The question is, after seven years, is it the same ship or is it a different ship?" - Not a tweet.

152. "But we found that a very interesting question." - Not a tweet.

153. "And so we decided to apply that in our own way to a sink located in the American wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art." - Not a tweet.

154. "As one does." - Not a tweet.

155. "How did you know?" - Not a tweet.

156. "And so we found the sink." - Not a tweet.

157. "We did recon." - Not a tweet.

158. "We not me." - Not a tweet.

159. "I'm not, it wasn't me personally of somebody here." - Not a tweet.

160. "I'm names." - Not a tweet.

161. "But we found, you know, we tracked down the serial numbers, the part." - Not a tweet.

162. "ordered exact like replica we ordered the exact same parts built it here tied off the dimensions of the bathroom here so that we could practice swapping things out and then over many months we would walk into the met and do a quick swap and leave and then the next day do it again and do it again bolt by bolt screw by screw just an art enthusiast I just I just like art and I I go to the bathroom." - Not a tweet.

163. "How did you get a big piece through?" - Not a tweet.

164. "Isn't there like one piece that's big?" - Not a tweet.

165. "So that we decided to leave." - Not a tweet.

166. "Okay." - Not a tweet.

167. "That we did not swap out." - Not a tweet.

168. "Although we had a plan." - Not a tweet.

169. "We fabricated a wheelchair that could have hit it in the seat." - Not a tweet.

170. "I'm telling you, we got a little bit." - Not a tweet.

171. "We were honestly scared." - Not a tweet.

172. "You got a little carried away." - Not a tweet.

173. "We still did it." - Not a tweet.

174. "We got everything else." - Not a tweet.

175. "So yeah, they have our sink and we have their, sink and ours is now part of like our art gallery so that's amazing although although i believe they figured it out and they've replaced it because as soon as we announced the art show even though the sink was sort of like hidden in all the other pieces people definitely found out and there was a line in the met for that bathroom they should have they should have section it off turned it into an installation that's if any of your if any of your viewers are on the board of the met uh the coolest thing you could do right now is acquire that sync from us and put it back let's make it happen let's make it happen army" - Not a tweet.

176. "how how many millions of dollars do you think you've left on the table by not doing crypto projects" - Not a tweet.

177. "the painful question is it like it has to be like a hundred million like at least yeah probably honestly probably probably yeah um and is there is there um uh like there i'm sure i'm sure at some point there will actually be a way to do this like there has to be something that makes sense like we did something back in the day with party round where we did it was called helpful vCs where we made crypto punks for every VC and then we put them on a website and we said you have four hours to retweet these otherwise we're going to auction them off and it was like for like charity right we weren't like trying to make money and that was like one of the ways that we broke through and like shortly after um uh i think there might be something to do with crypto and like stable coins where there's not as much gambling involved but there might be something with crypto i don't know yeah yeah you have to remove you have to make it not like a speculation you know because as soon as you leave the like the people who get the joke are and then the people who don't get the joke show up and then and then they're losing their life savings that doesn't feel good. Whereas, whereas, like, if somebody, you know, is bidding on that handbag, like, they probably know what they're doing. They understand that it's not. And they understand that. Look, I think that crypto route for us is, um, we've often plotted our own death. And I think there's like a chaotic evil way to go out. Yeah. I shouldn't even say it because now everybody's going to know." - This is a discussion about past crypto projects, but it's not a reference to a tweet. It's a description of what they did.

    However, note: "we made crypto punks for every VC and then we put them on a website and we said you have four hours to retweet these otherwise we're going to auction them off"

    This is describing a past action, but it's not a tweet. It's a description of a campaign they ran.

    The transcript says: "we put them on a website and we said you have four hours to retweet these"

    So they used Twitter (retweet), but the tweet itself isn't quoted.

    We cannot extract the tweet because the exact content isn't given.

    So we skip.

178. "Well, I think, um, switching gears to, to another topic that I'm sure you guys." - Not a tweet.

179. "So one, I don't think AI is gonna take your guys' jobs anytime soon," - Not a tweet.

180. "despite it being able to maybe piece together, you know, random ideas," - Not a tweet.

181. "it's so much about taste and things like that." - Not a tweet.

182. "But how excited are you to leverage that technology for some of these various plays?" - Not a tweet.

183. "Honestly, TBD, and I think, I think it's," - Not a tweet.

184. "I do, I will say like unlike the whole like crypto craziness of the last couple years," - Not a tweet.

185. "we didn't get into that because we didn't feel like it was here to stay yet." - Not a tweet.

186. "That's like the truth." - Not a tweet.

187. "Like when you see the herd run so fast, it usually means they're running towards the end of a cliff." - Not a tweet.

188. "There's a little bit of a similar sentiment right now." - Not a tweet.

189. "That said, it is rooted in something real." - Not a tweet.

190. "But we're not in a rush to like use it necessarily," - Not a tweet.

191. "if it's going to be here forever we've got time like it's mischief doesn't win as a first mover" - Not a tweet.

192. "if you look at all of our work it was never about being the first to react to something or the first to like make use of a format" - Not a tweet.

193. "um so we'll see we just have to see how do you think about uh are there any projects like time is an interesting variable that you can play with right like part of the thing with the the the the sync stunt that you guys did is it's just the narrative and the story of like you guys were conducting this in secret for a long time it was like a very and that's part of what makes it so entertaining is kind of like the the lore of what went into it" - Not a tweet.

194. "but have you thought about even longer term plays like things that you could do over a decade or 50 years that in hindsight would just be absolutely hilarious and uh but but again take this sort of incredible planning yeah yeah honestly we are at that stage of just like our lives and as a company now to be thinking like that right because like if you think about it we were in yeah if you if if you know i know you guys have have a few investors have you told your investors first thing we're working on is a 50 year stunt and you're like all right buddy like why don't you put some points on the board first yeah yeah but you guys feel like i've earned it now like i you know something like a decade no yeah because like we've we spent basically like we've only been around for the pandemic and post-pan like a little bit post-pandemic right and all of that was just like you don't know what's coming like live day by day like just survive like banks are shutting down okay get through to total tomorrow right now we've been around for a second we're more well known we have our existing infrastructure and now we really are asking the questions of like okay what does that legacy look like in 10 years or should we should we should we disappear for 20 years and then come back. That would, that would actually be the coolest thing we could do is go dark for two decades and then come back. It's worked for, it's work for other, it's work for other artists." - Not a tweet.

195. "Yeah, I, I, could you do something? So, so we both loved Nathan Fielder's latest sort of like aviation stunt television show." - Not a tweet.

196. "I've heard a lot about it." - Not a tweet.

197. "I haven't watched it." - Not a tweet.

198. "I mean, you should." - Not a tweet.

199. "It's one of the few people in the world that I think is executing on your guys' level in the sense of..." - Not a tweet.

200. "His next level." - Not a tweet.

201. "Yeah, like one sentence, you know, pitch that's hilarious," - Not a tweet.

202. "but then the more you get into it, like, the funnier it is." - Not a tweet.

203. "But could you do something like that for, like, the cost of housing?" - Not a tweet.

204. "Like, sort of a decade-long stunt." - Not a tweet.

205. "Like, mischief, like, mischief figures out a way to, like, reduce, you know, cut the cost of housing in the United States." - Not a tweet.

206. "I mean, that was the crazy thing." - Not a tweet.

207. "Like, we have..." - Not a tweet.

208. "If there are any, like, pricey neighborhoods that would love to commission us as an artist to install a sculpture, we have a really good trailer park trailer that we would love to erect in a public square that will drive the price." - Not a tweet.

209. "I can just see, like, the right RV." - Not a tweet.

210. "Like, there's this RV outside of our gym." - Not a tweet.

211. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, kind of yellow from the sun, really, like some windows are open, aluminum on the outside." - Not a tweet.

212. "Yeah, Winnebago." - Not a tweet.

213. "It can be a stunt for Winnebago Corporation." - Not a tweet.

214. "How do you feel about the state of social media, like broadly?" - Not a tweet.

215. "It feels like we've gotten to a point where in many ways the platforms look so similar," - Not a tweet.

216. "but they also have their own character." - Not a tweet.

217. "Some of them are becoming Lindy," - Not a tweet.

218. "even thinking about how durable, like Twitter and acts have been despite all this change." - This says "Twitter and acts", but "acts" might be a typo for "TikTok" or "Instagram"? But it's not clear.

    However, it says "Twitter and acts", and then "acts" might be a typo for "TikTok", but we'll take it as is.

    But note: it's not a reference to a specific tweet, it's a general comment.

219. "But what's your, and do you even, do you, do you, do you, feel like you need to use social media or are you better off not using it and then just releasing you know stuff on the platforms yeah yeah it's um definitely a love-hate relationship with the with the platforms right because like platforms if you if you really think about it they started as a way to share things that you found were interesting and now they are mostly ways to share uh photos and videos of you talking about things that you find interesting it's kind of become like less novelty based and more vanity based just fine that's like a fundamental human instinct so i get it um i would continue to love to find a way to not use the platforms to disseminate information and that's kind of how we started our first audience portal was venmo um we had a huge audience on Venmo and we like had this huge phone bank uh like a chinese phone click farm and we every time we had a new project we would Venmo our audience a penny and they would get that notification because that's the most powerful notification layer in your the cha-ching the cha-ching yeah i am now banned from Venmo for life well PayPal if you're listening let me know PayPal. We'll have the CEO of PayPal on it. I think the last company that came on works with Venmo will work on it. We should get this reverse. This is, this is important."

    This is a discussion about using Venmo, not Twitter.

    The host says: "we had a huge audience on Venmo" and "Venmo our audience a penny".

    Venmo is a payment app, not Twitter.

    So this is not a reference to a tweet.

220. "We were, we were reading an article in the New Yorker yesterday about this concept of IRL brain rot." - Not a tweet.

221. "The examples were the viral. Labuboos. Dubai chocolate. The, the viral Italian sandwich." - Not a tweet.

222. "We saw a few of these." - Not a tweet.

223. "Joe Wisenthal at Bloomberg was also writing about the, these kind of like viral as being something that you stamp on your product as a product feature almost." - Not a tweet.

224. "And I was wondering if, uh, if you're worried about the, the, the spillover from, uh, internet slop culture into the real world, just kind of how you're tussling with this idea of brain rot coming into the real world." - Not a tweet.

225. "I don't even know if you read the article or you have thoughts there, but I think I saw it on Instagram." - This is a reference to a post on Instagram, but it's not a tweet (X). However, the instruction says "tweets, X/Twitter posts", so Instagram is not included.

    The instruction: "extract every reference to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads"

    Instagram is not Twitter/X, so we ignore.

226. "Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you probably did a front facing video." - Not a tweet.

227. "talking about it." - Not a tweet.

228. "Or you saw something like a front facing video talking about it." - Not a tweet.

229. "That's like a reaction video." - Not a tweet.

230. "Yeah. I mean, look, it wouldn't. I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, but like what mischief has put out historically is kind of in that brain rot category." - Not a tweet.

231. "Yeah, I mean the boots, the boots, right?" - Not a tweet.

232. "It's like absurd aesthetic." - Not a tweet.

233. "And maybe, maybe even I could be so conceited as to say we were part of creating that." - Not a tweet.

234. "No, you guys definitely, that it was an era of minimalism, and it was like the Everlane era." - Not a tweet.

235. "Quite a luxury." - Not a tweet.

236. "The boots are like an incredible reaction to that of being like. Absurd, absurd aesthetic, just like popping imagery off of your screen." - Not a tweet.

237. "But then the challenge with this trend, right, is if you go back to minimalism, it's, it actually becomes, I mean, maybe as like for me, right, I'm, I became, part of the mischief audience and mischief customer in my early 20s. I'm in my late 20s now." - Not a tweet.

238. "Eventually maybe I'd want some ultra-minimalist you know mischief item for my home but but but but at the same time like once you get on the on the on the on the maximalist track like you're kind of on this maximalism treadmill where you just got to keep like going crazier and crazier and and you know maybe maybe in the internet era there's no turning back it's totally possible right like we might we might have built a machine so effective that it's now our master and like how do you break free from that right but um i'm not too worried like we don't we actually don't think so hard about it we just kind of make the things that we like and then uh if it ever stops working then do something else yeah yeah exactly well i i have an idea to put out in the ether. I think next time an A-list celebrity is going through a massive comms crisis, PR crisis, or a scandal, they should hire you guys to create something more viral than the scandal." - Not a tweet.

239. "They just need to do another crisis to compete with that." - Not a tweet.

240. "All they got to do is go to Twitter and be like, send a Bitcoin to this address and I'll send you to Bitcoin and then they actually do it." - This is a hypothetical, not a reference to a specific tweet.

    It says: "All they got to do is go to Twitter and be like, send a Bitcoin to this address and I'll send you to Bitcoin and then they actually do it."

    This is not a reference to an existing tweet, but a suggestion.

    So we don't extract it.

241. "That's genius." - Not a tweet.

242. "Yeah, that is a one-time get-it-out-jail-free card." - Not a tweet.

243. "You heard it here first." - Not a tweet.

244. "Just payoffs." - Not a tweet.

245. "If you, yeah, if you're a celebrity and you're in trouble, you're caught at a cold play concert." - Not a tweet.

246. "That's the only way you can reverse the tide." - Not a tweet.

247. "You'll be good." - Not a tweet.

248. "For sure." - Not a tweet.

249. "For you." - Not a tweet.

250. "Yeah." - Not a tweet.

After this thorough scan, I don't see any actual tweets or X posts being quoted or described in the transcript.

The only potential mention was the tweet about "Applied Mischief", but the content wasn't provided verbatim.

Also, the discussion about "Twitter and acts" is not about a specific tweet.

Therefore, there are no tweets to extract.

So we return:
{
  "episode_date": "2025-08-23",
  "tweets": []
}

Note: The episode date is given as "2025-08-23" in the transcript.

Let's confirm the date in the transcript: "Date: August 23, 2025" and "episode date: 2025-08-23".

So the episode_date is "2025-08-23".

</think>

{"episode_date": "2025-08-23", "tweets": []}