<think>
Let me carefully go through the transcript to extract all references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads.

I'll look for phrases like:
- "tweeted"
- "on X"
- "on Twitter"
- "on the timeline"
- "mentioned a tweet"
- "quote tweet"
- "reply to"

Let me scan through the transcript:

1. "We have our next guest in the Restream waiting room. We will bring in Santee from dual entity, dual entry, sorry."

No tweet reference here.

2. "Let me tell you about adquick.com, out-of-home advertising, easy and measurable."

This is an ad, not a tweet reference.

3. "I feel like the only like since I was last on you guys have had like Zuck Gelsinger But, like, a bunch of, I feel like the level getting on TBPN now is a really big deal."

This mentions "Zuck Gelsinger" but doesn't reference a specific tweet.

4. "What's the mood on the ground with LPs? Like, it was easier than in past years to raise this fund. Is it contrarian to be focused on fintech when everything's AI?"

This is a discussion about fundraising, not a tweet reference.

5. "There's also a public company circle that, like, is mature in that space, and there's a tether."

No tweet reference here.

6. "I think we've talked about them before. It's an interesting time to me because people are so bullish on stable coins as a category, and yet it seems like the people, the company's best suited to capitalize on this opportunity or not startups."

This is discussion, not a tweet reference.

7. "We've seen this before. I will say, does feel good. I will say, does feel good. But it feels even better to be able to run an ERP that doesn't suck like the 1990s."

This is a discussion, not a tweet reference.

8. "I'm going to steal Jordy's question. When did you know you wanted to build an ERP? the first day we were out of the other prior company we promised ourselves that was the day we're going to do it"

This is a discussion, not a tweet reference.

9. "We've been working for about a year. It does feel good. I will say, does feel good. But it feels even better to be able to run an ERP that doesn't suck like the 1990s."

This is a discussion, not a tweet reference.

10. "Let me tell you about adquick.com, out-of-home advertising, easy and measurable."

This is an ad, not a tweet reference.

11. "I love it. You should, yeah, skip the dinosaur, get a horse."

This is discussion, not a tweet reference.

12. "We have our next guest in the Restream waiting room. We will bring in Santee from dual entity, dual entry, sorry."

This is just introducing a guest, not referencing a tweet.

13. "Let me tell you about adquick.com, out-of-home advertising, easy and measurable."

This is an ad, not a tweet reference.

14. "Let's play this. is not the internet is not a big truck the internet is not something that you just dump something out the internet is not a huge in 2006 this is a series of tools this is a real clip from real sound by we can cut it uh this is a this is a real clip from a testimony that happened in washington dc with a lawmaker who's trying to explain the internet to the like to congress basically"

This is a discussion about a video clip, not a tweet reference.

15. "I love you. We'll see you Monday. See you later. Bye."

This is the end of the show, not a tweet reference.

After carefully reviewing the entire transcript, I don't see any specific mentions of tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads. The hosts discuss various topics like fintech, AI, ERP systems, and other business topics, but they don't reference specific tweets or Twitter activity.

The only mention of Twitter that I can find is when they say "Zuck Gelsinger" which might be a reference to a tweet from Zuck (Mark Zuckerberg) about Gelsinger (Pat Gelsinger), but there's no verbatim quote of a tweet, just a mention of "Zuck Gelsinger" which seems to be a typo or mishearing of "Zuck" and "Gelsinger" as two different people.

There's also a mention of "Perplexity is announcing the browser" but no specific tweet reference.

So I believe there are no actual tweet references in this transcript.

Let me double-check once more to be absolutely sure:

- "We've seen this before. I will say, does feel good." - This is discussion, not a tweet
- "I think we've talked about them before." - This is discussion, not a tweet
- "Let me tell you about adquick.com" - This is an ad, not a tweet
- "We have our next guest in the Restream waiting room" - This is introducing a guest, not referencing a tweet
- "I'm going to steal Jordy's question." - This is discussion, not a tweet
- "Let's play this." - This is discussing a video clip, not a tweet

After reviewing the entire transcript multiple times, I'm confident there are no actual references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads. The hosts don't quote or reference any specific Twitter content in their discussion.

So the correct response would be to return a JSON with an empty tweets array.

</think>

{
  "episode_date": "2023-10-06",
  "tweets": []
}