<think>
Let me carefully go through the podcast transcript to extract all references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads.

I'll look for phrases like:
- "tweeted"
- "on X"
- "on Twitter"
- "on the timeline"
- "posted"
- "replied to"
- "quote tweet"
- "thread"

Let me scan through the transcript:

1. "I love this. Shamsankar is on an absolute tear and I'm very excited for this and it's it it'll be very interesting to see specifically the the level of investment we talked about this a little bit but Hollywood is in this in this era of we need to even have a chance at an ROI we need to invest 400 million dollars and so you see all these major blockbusters but by virtue of when you when you invest 400 million dollars in order to make a billion dollars it has to sell everywhere and that means it has to sell internationally and that means that the planes have to be from like you know some anonymous country because we don't want to make anyone upset so like yeah it's an american movie but it's like we're fighting the the and then they make up some name right yeah um as opposed to a story like you just can't really make a story about like the cold war because who knows that might upset a certain person in a different country"

This mentions Shamsankar but doesn't specifically reference a tweet.

2. "Rune said yesterday, Elon falling so in love with the Grock Image Model. Imagine model is a piece of performance art that absolves all the slop. And Elon says, thanks, Roon, the heart. There is an article from Eric Berger saying after recent test China appears likely to beat the United States back to the moon."

This mentions Rune saying something, but doesn't quote an actual tweet.

3. "Zivie Mushawitz says, everyone agrees that the release of GPT-5 was botched."

This is a reference to a post from Zivie Mushawitz, but it's not clear if it's a tweet or something else. The transcript says "Zivie Mushawitz says" - this could be a tweet or a blog post. Since it's not specified as a tweet, I'll treat it as a reference to a post rather than a tweet.

4. "I have a good bull case here too. So this is a lot of stuff I agree with. But there was a lot of pushback. And so he says, Everyone can also agree that the direct jump from GPT40 and O3 to GPD5 was not of a similar size to the jump from GPT3 to GPT4."

This is quoting Zivie Mushawitz, but again, not clear if it's a tweet.

5. "I think Ben Thompson has a pretty good take that the... that the model switcher was the right move, but open-out should have been even more aggressive about saying, you know what, 4-0 is not coming back."

This is a reference to Ben Thompson's take, but not specifically a tweet.

6. "You've kind of sliced it to be more focused on B2B. Take me through some of the slices of what, what, what, uh, what support looks like in various B2B context because the customer support tickets that I maybe send into my law firm are different than I send into my 3PL."

This is not a tweet reference.

7. "I'm going to call Brad."

This is a reference to calling Brad Gersner, but not a tweet.

8. "We'll talk to you soon. Have a great rest of your day. Great to meet you, Derek. Awesome. Talk to you soon. Thanks, guys. Bye."

This is not a tweet reference.

After carefully reviewing the transcript, I don't see any clear, explicit references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads with the exact verbatim content of the tweet.

The only references to people's posts are:
1. "Zivie Mushawitz says" - but this is not clearly specified as a tweet, and the content is paraphrased rather than quoted verbatim.
2. "Rune said yesterday" - not clear if this was a tweet.

I think there are no actual tweet references with verbatim content that fit the criteria for this JSON schema.

Let me double-check one more time:

- "Zivie Mushawitz says, everyone agrees that the release of GPT-5 was botched." - This is a reference to Zivie Mushawitz's content, but not specifically a tweet.
- "Rune said yesterday, Elon falling so in love with the Grock Image Model." - This is a reference to something Rune said, but not specified as a tweet.

I don't see any explicit "tweeted" or "on Twitter" mentions with verbatim content. The podcast hosts mention people's posts but don't quote them verbatim as tweets.

So I'll return an empty list of tweets.

</think>

{"episode_date":"2024-08-26","tweets":[]}