<think>
Let me carefully read through this transcript to find any mentions of tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads.

I need to look for phrases like "tweeted", "posted on X", "X post", "quote tweet", "reply to a tweet", "thread", or references to someone's Twitter activity.

Let's go through the transcript systematically:

1. "Logan Bartlett has another take on the astronomer video. He says, the astronomer video is great on its own, but I'm even more impressed that the leadership team and the board were able to come to consensus to make this investment and take this risk. Absent they've had for two years for the last two years. I can't imagine everyone was on board with this initially."

This mentions Logan Bartlett but doesn't say he tweeted it. It's just a quote from him in the podcast. I don't think this counts as a tweet reference.

2. "Logan says Chris Martin wants to want CEOs who are having affairs to feel welcome. his romantic concerts. He's like, this could be really bad for business. This could be bad for ticket sales. I have to go into damage control. I don't think Chris Martin's behind this. This is a ridiculous theory that just stay say, stay sassy or whatever."

This mentions Logan saying something, but it's not a tweet reference.

3. "Logan says totally possible. No, I do. I think there could be something here. I mean. I don't think so. I don't know. Why, he feels bad that this just happened at his show. I don't think so. I don't know."

This is just more of the podcast hosts discussing the situation, not a tweet reference.

4. "Stays SA says, I think we're going to find out that Chris Martin felt bad asked Gwyneth Paltrow to help out and they gave astronomer an offer to do damage control. My guess is that this is entertainment industry magic happening, not data tech magic."

This is "Stays SA" saying something, but it's not clear if this is a tweet or just a podcast host referencing someone's comment. The transcript says "Stays SA says", which could mean they're quoting a tweet, but I don't have enough information to be sure. I'll need to be careful with this one.

5. "Logan says Chris Martin wants to want CEOs who are having affairs to feel welcome. his romantic concerts."

This seems to be a misinterpretation. The transcript has "Logan says Chris Martin wants to want CEOs who are having affairs to feel welcome. his romantic concerts." This appears to be a mishearing or misphrasing of "Logan says Chris Martin wants CEOs who are having affairs to feel welcome at his romantic concerts." But I don't think this is a tweet reference.

6. "In the other side of PR statements, the T-App hack is an absolute disaster. This is an app. And their statement was a disaster. Their statement was a disaster. Somebody just informed me. Please. A friend of the show. Yes. That it was Ryan Reynolds' agency that pulled it off no way that makes total sense yeah Ryan Reynolds the bridge between tech Hollywood Hollywood tech oh he's master master was crap and I feel like he's done a number of those like solo director was actually reported so there's an article cool Ryan Reynolds maximum effort ad agency turned astronomers viral moment into marketing gold."

This mentions "Ryan Reynolds' agency" but doesn't reference a specific tweet.

7. "The production company was involved with the latest Astronomer video featuring Gwyneth Paltrow. The ad is being hailed as a master class in crisis PR."

This is just describing the situation, not referencing a tweet.

8. "There's a lot of stuff going on. Well, interesting, related to Zuck, did you know that one of the kids at the IMO that was competing against OpenAI and DeepMind was named Alexander Wang?"

This is a random comment about a person's name, not a tweet reference.

9. "Oh, Shalto ranked 56, but three Dwarke's appearances. There we go. I mean, how are you, were you waiting, were you waiting podcast appearances properly, Tyler?"

This refers to "Dwarke's appearances" but I think "Dwarke" is a typo or mishearing of "Dwarkesh" (a reference to a podcast). It's not about a tweet.

10. "We're getting big into email soon, by the way. Stay tuned for that. Very excited about that."

This is just a general comment about email, not a tweet reference.

11. "And yeah, hopefully this speeds up our trading card generation, because you'll just be able to screenshot this and say this person's just got traded because it's moving fast and furious and we can't spend that much time hand crafting each of those trade deal trading card images."

This is about trading cards, not tweets.

12. "There's an email signup. You can drop your email at the top to learn about the next drop, whatever we send out."

This is about email signups, not tweets.

13. "Well, I'm sure we'll get a lot of feedback. Oh, Shalto ranked 56, but three Dwarke's appearances. There we go. I mean, how are you, were you waiting, were you waiting podcast appearances properly, Tyler?"

This is repeating the earlier comment about "Dwarke's appearances", which I think is a mishearing of "Dwarkesh" (a reference to a podcast), not about tweets.

14. "And I think they did it did it did scream I didn't I didn't I didn't ask her because I didn't want to know because like I just like you know the mystery I like the mystery of it. I feel like if I knew I should probably say something Anyway, let's shift gears."

This is about not knowing who helped with the Astronomer video, not about a tweet.

15. "Lulu said, for everyone asking me, this wasn't me, I do not work with Astronomer, but I think it was very well done who knows to their team and it says a lot about Lulu's brand that whenever good PR happens people like Lulu's has to be behind this it's it can only be her it can't possibly it did it did it did scream I didn't I didn't I didn't ask her because I didn't want to know because like I just like you know the mystery I like the mystery of it."

This is about Lulu saying something, but it's not clear if she tweeted it or just said it on the podcast. The transcript says "Lulu said", so it might be a quote from the podcast, not a tweet.

16. "Lulu broke it down. She said, laughing at themselves was the right move because humor does four crucial things."

This is just quoting Lulu on the podcast, not a tweet.

17. "Lulu says, next move is for an astronomer competitor to hire Chris Martin to do a video on how their product is the best at helping you gain visibility in any environment and keep your private networking secure."

This is quoting Lulu on the podcast, not a tweet.

18. "And somebody in the comments says, the chain is gonna end with Brad Pitt."

This says "somebody in the comments", which could be a tweet comment, but it's not clear if it's on Twitter/X. The context is that they're talking about the Astronomer video, so it's likely referring to comments on a social media platform, possibly Twitter/X.

19. "Logan Bartlett has another take on the astronomer video."

This mentions Logan Bartlett, but doesn't say he tweeted it.

20. "Logan says Chris Martin wants to want CEOs who are having affairs to feel welcome. his romantic concerts."

This is just a mishearing of the transcript, not a tweet.

21. "Stays SA says, I think we're going to find out that Chris Martin felt bad asked Gwyneth Paltrow to help out and they gave astronomer an offer to do damage control. My guess is that this is entertainment industry magic happening, not data tech magic."

This is "Stays SA says" but it's unclear if this is a tweet or just a person saying it on the podcast.

22. "Astronomer, Fortune is saying, Astronomer got the last laugh. They did, they really did."

This is saying that Fortune (a publication) is saying something, not a tweet.

23. "The production company was involved with the latest Astronomer video featuring Gwyneth Paltrow."

This is describing the situation, not a tweet reference.

24. "Ryan Reynolds maximum effort ad agency turned astronomers viral moment into marketing gold."

This is just describing the situation.

25. "There's a funny post in here from Jawan."

This says "There's a funny post in here from Jawan." This seems to be referring to a post on Twitter/X from someone named Jawan.

Let me look at this more carefully: "There's a funny post in here from Jawan. Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019. Okay, oof. That's 3C territory. And he was gonna get a base of 165K a year and 300,000 in Figma RSUs. 300,000 shares. And I guess by his calculation it would have turned into 30 million."

This seems to be referring to a tweet from someone named Jawan. Let's look for other mentions of "Jawan" to confirm.

I see a few other mentions of "Jawan":
- "Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019."
- "Jawan is now getting the ability to spend his time automating finance."
- "Jawan says, if you stick around in tech and you're good, sooner or later you start collecting these stories."

This seems to be referring to a Twitter/X post from someone named Jawan. The transcript says "There's a funny post in here from Jawan" and then describes the content of the post. I think this counts as a tweet reference.

Let me look for other tweet references:

26. "Seeky ran some numbers Seeky chins. So there's 10x returners. There's fund returners and there's figma figma alone returned 10x the entire fund of not one not two, but three VC funds so"

This mentions "Seeky" but doesn't say he tweeted it.

27. "Gary Tan says, if you stick around in tech and you're good, sooner or later you start collecting these stories."

This is Gary Tan saying something, but it's unclear if it's a tweet.

28. "Dillion says greatest capital markets on earth greatest country on earth and throws up not one but three American flags quoting signals not one, but three American flags quoting signals."

This seems to be quoting something "Dillion" said, possibly from a tweet.

29. "Signals post, he said, nothing hits like an IPO in America."

This says "Signals post", which could be referring to a post on the Signals platform (which is a Twitter/X account). "Signals" is a well-known Twitter/X account for tech news.

Let's look at this more carefully: "Signals post, he said, nothing hits like an IPO in America. It's the most iconic cultural moment that's relatively infrequent. The most beautiful part about it is that only here does a company going public trigger a national feedback loop of inspiration. Kids watch it, builders feel it, and the next gen catches fire. Nowhere else turns liquidity into legacy."

This is clearly referring to a post by "Signals" (a Twitter/X account). This counts as a tweet reference.

30. "I noted this on the timeline yesterday"

This mentions "timeline", which could refer to Twitter/X timeline, but it's not clear if it's referring to a specific tweet.

31. "We're retiring the gong that we had at NICI yesterday. It's a game hit gong by none other than Dillon Field."

This mentions "Dillon Field", but it's not a tweet reference.

I think I've identified two clear tweet references:

1. A post from "Jawan" about getting an offer from Figma in 2019.
2. A post from "Signals" about IPOs being iconic cultural moments.

Let's verify these:

For Jawan:
- The transcript says "There's a funny post in here from Jawan."
- The content is: "Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019. Okay, oof. That's 3C territory. And he was gonna get a base of 165K a year and 300,000 in Figma RSUs. 300,000 shares. And I guess by his calculation it would have turned into 30 million."

For Signals:
- The transcript says "Signals post, he said, nothing hits like an IPO in America."
- The content is: "nothing hits like an IPO in America. It's the most iconic cultural moment that's relatively infrequent. The most beautiful part about it is that only here does a company going public trigger a national feedback loop of inspiration. Kids watch it, builders feel it, and the next gen catches fire. Nowhere else turns liquidity into legacy."

Let's check if there are any other clear tweet references:

I see "Stays SA says" which could be referring to a tweet from someone named "Stays SA", but the transcript doesn't quote the actual tweet content, just the comment. So I'm not sure if this counts as a tweet reference.

I also see "Logan Bartlett has another take on the astronomer video. He says..." but this seems to be a quote from Logan Bartlett's podcast appearance, not a tweet.

I think I've found two clear tweet references: Jawan's post and Signals' post.

Let's go through the transcript again to make sure I haven't missed any:

- "There's a funny post in here from Jawan." (This is clearly referring to a tweet from Jawan)
- "Signals post, he said, nothing hits like an IPO in America." (This is clearly referring to a tweet from Signals)

Let's confirm the exact wording for the Jawan tweet:

"Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019. Okay, oof. That's 3C territory. And he was gonna get a base of 165K a year and 300,000 in Figma RSUs. 300,000 shares. And I guess by his calculation it would have turned into 30 million."

Let's confirm the exact wording for the Signals tweet:

"nothing hits like an IPO in America. It's the most iconic cultural moment that's relatively infrequent. The most beautiful part about it is that only here does a company going public trigger a national feedback loop of inspiration. Kids watch it, builders feel it, and the next gen catches fire. Nowhere else turns liquidity into legacy."

Now I need to format these as JSON according to the schema provided.

For "Jawan", the author is "Jawan", the content is the verbatim quote, the context is that the podcast hosts are discussing Jawan's post about an old Figma offer, and the type is "original" (since it's a standalone tweet).

For "Signals", the author is "Signals", the content is the verbatim quote, the context is that the podcast hosts are discussing the Signals post about IPOs being iconic cultural moments, and the type is "original".

Let me check the episode date: "Date: August 03, 2025"

So the episode date is "2025-08-03".

Now I'll format this as JSON according to the schema.

I need to be careful to not include any markdown or commentary, just the raw JSON.

Let me write it out:

{
  "episode_date": "2025-08-03",
  "tweets": [
    {
      "author": "Jawan",
      "content": "Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019. Okay, oof. That's 3C territory. And he was gonna get a base of 165K a year and 300,000 in Figma RSUs. 300,000 shares. And I guess by his calculation it would have turned into 30 million.",
      "context": "Podcast hosts discuss Jawan's tweet about an old Figma job offer.",
      "type": "original"
    },
    {
      "author": "Signals",
      "content": "nothing hits like an IPO in America. It's the most iconic cultural moment that's relatively infrequent. The most beautiful part about it is that only here does a company going public trigger a national feedback loop of inspiration. Kids watch it, builders feel it, and the next gen catches fire. Nowhere else turns liquidity into legacy.",
      "context": "Podcast hosts reference Signals' tweet about IPOs being iconic cultural moments.",
      "type": "original"
    }
  ]
}

Wait, I need to make sure I have the exact wording from the transcript for the content field.

For Jawan:
"Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019. Okay, oof. That's 3C territory. And he was gonna get a base of 165K a year and 300,000 in Figma RSUs. 300,000 shares. And I guess by his calculation it would have turned into 30 million."

For Signals:
"nothing hits like an IPO in America. It's the most iconic cultural moment that's relatively infrequent. The most beautiful part about it is that only here does a company going public trigger a national feedback loop of inspiration. Kids watch it, builders feel it, and the next gen catches fire. Nowhere else turns liquidity into legacy."

I think I've got it right now.

Let me double-check if there are any other tweet references I might have missed:

- "Somebody in the comments says, the chain is gonna end with Brad Pitt." - This might be referring to a comment on a tweet, but it's not clear if it's on Twitter/X. The transcript says "somebody in the comments", which could be on any platform, not specifically Twitter/X. So I'll exclude this.

- "Stays SA says, I think we're going to find out that Chris Martin felt bad asked Gwyneth Paltrow to help out..." - This could be a tweet from "Stays SA", but the transcript doesn't quote the actual tweet content, just the comment. So I'm not sure if this counts as a tweet reference. I'll exclude it to be safe.

So, I think I've identified all the tweet references in the transcript.

Let me format the JSON as required, making sure it's valid JSON and not wrapped in any markdown or commentary.

</think>

{
  "episode_date": "2025-08-03",
  "tweets": [
    {
      "author": "Jawan",
      "content": "Jawan apparently got an offer back in 2019. Okay, oof. That's 3C territory. And he was gonna get a base of 165K a year and 300,000 in Figma RSUs. 300,000 shares. And I guess by his calculation it would have turned into 30 million.",
      "context": "Podcast hosts discuss Jawan's tweet about an old Figma job offer.",
      "type": "original"
    },
    {
      "author": "Signals",
      "content": "nothing hits like an IPO in America. It's the most iconic cultural moment that's relatively infrequent. The most beautiful part about it is that only here does a company going public trigger a national feedback loop of inspiration. Kids watch it, builders feel it, and the next gen catches fire. Nowhere else turns liquidity into legacy.",
      "context": "Podcast hosts reference Signals' tweet about IPOs being iconic cultural moments.",
      "type": "original"
    }
  ]
}