<think>
Let me carefully analyze the transcript to find all references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads.

I'll go through the transcript line by line to identify any mentions of Twitter/X activity:

1. "I've noticed VO3 is really, really good with some of that physics stuff, but it still gets confused. Like if a car is driving away, all of a sudden you'll be looking at the front of the car and then the back of the car and it'll get kind of mixed up. But yeah. Are you, as all these different models have progressed, I always remember Brad and Trevor McFedries and just how early he was to what I think will be this new wave of a-"

This mentions "Brad and Trevor McFedries" but doesn't specifically reference a tweet.

2. "It's so interesting, we talked about this a lot actually with audio models, with the last like election cycle, because video I think wasn't there yet to have convincing deep fakes."

This discusses a topic but doesn't reference a specific tweet.

3. "There's a couple parts of the data question. The first part is like, what do you own versus what do you scrape? I mean, we've seen companies like OpenAI will scrape YouTube as well to train their models. I think ByteDance also, like, you know, here we think of YouTube and Facebook and whatever here in the US, I mean, as being the big host of content, but like, there's all these massive companies in China, like ByteDance, who have their own user generated content on like their version of TikTok and their version of YouTube."

This mentions ByteDance and TikTok but doesn't reference a specific tweet.

4. "There's a few things about nuclear that make it different. So nuclear, even as a weapon, is incredibly hard to deploy tactically. So if a country has nuclear weapons, they're, aside from a mutually assured destruction idea, they're not all that useful. It's not like you can use a nuclear weapon to accomplish tactical objectives. If you could, I think Russia would have already done it."

This discusses nuclear weapons but doesn't reference a tweet.

5. "I mean, it's that it's not like you can use a nuclear weapon to accomplish tactical objectives. If you could, I think Russia would have already done it."

This is a continuation of the nuclear discussion, no tweet reference.

6. "I'm looking at two things. Yeah. With any administration, I'm looking at two things. Did you decrease government spending? And did you increase total electricity production of America? Those are the only two numbers I care about. Those will capture everything."

This is a quote from George Hotz about his metrics for evaluating administration, but it's not a tweet reference.

7. "We were joking that, you know, Trump must be extremely A GI pilled if he's running up a massive budget deficit"

This is a joke by the podcast hosts, not a tweet reference.

8. "How does it all play out? Like what does AMD actually need to do to get back on track or realize their potential? Nvidia needs to stumble. I mean, it worked for AMD and Intel, right? Like, so AMD ended up beating Intel and the entire, like no one would buy a data center Intel CPU anymore. And it's just cause well, you know, they stumbled and now Intel owns that market. So, you know, AMD just sits there in second place."

This discusses AMD and Intel, but it's not referencing a tweet.

9. "I mean, it's that it's not like you can use a nuclear weapon to accomplish tactical objectives. If you could, I think Russia would have already done it."

This is a repetition of a previous point, not a tweet reference.

10. "There's something that we don't understand in terms of data efficiency."

This is a discussion point, not a tweet reference.

11. "It's like the fact that you've never seen that room tells you that it's way worse than you think it is."

This is a discussion point about Waymo, not a tweet reference.

12. "I've always thought it was an ace up their sleeve because like if there's a lot of pressure on them to say these waymos aren't Safe they can pull up pull the the sheet off of the ghost and say there's actually a human in the loop Don't worry. It's safer than you thought"

This is a discussion point about Waymo, not a tweet reference.

13. "The fact that you've never seen that room tells you that it's way worse than you think it is."

This is a repetition of a previous point, not a tweet reference.

14. "I mean, is there any hope that we drive this down and we get to two cars per person, then four cars per person, and it starts doubling exponentially and eventually like we are there?"

This is a discussion point about self-driving cars, not a tweet reference.

15. "I mean, is there any hope that we drive this down and we get to two cars per person, then four cars per person, and it starts doubling exponentially and eventually like we are there?"

This is a repetition of a previous point.

16. "It was really one person supervising 10 cars. Google would post those pictures all over the place."

This is a discussion point about Waymo, not a tweet reference.

17. "There's so crews that actually came out the lawsuit. I think it was like 1.5 or 1.7 humans per car. Right. Or vice versa. Like 1.5 cars per person, right? No, no. Wait, more people than cars? Yeah, that's what he's saying. That's insane."

This is a discussion point about Waymo, not a tweet reference.

18. "I mean, it's obviously eventually gonna happen. If you wanna see where the real state of the art of unsupervised self-driving is today, right? There's no person with FSD. When you get your Tesla, that's not tele-op."

This is a discussion point about Tesla, not a tweet reference.

19. "You'd be super tech, right? How are things going on the Comma side? Pretty good. We're on track to be two years behind Tesla."

This is a discussion point about Comma, not a tweet reference.

20. "This is as dumb as self-driving cars was, right? And nobody learns their lesson."

This is a discussion point, not a tweet reference.

21. "Remember in 2012 when Google said that my 12-year-old daughter would never have to get her driver's license? Yeah. Come on, that's nonsense. And now, okay, they shipped Waymo. It's in a few cities. They're tele-opt."

This is a discussion point about Google's self-driving car claims, not a specific tweet reference.

22. "People like Kyle Vogt should be ashamed of themselves. Like, they really should. These people who go and raise large amounts of money for another thing that they should know, they should know better."

This is a discussion point about Kyle Vogt, not a tweet reference.

23. "I mean, it's just strictly a capital market. You could just, I could, if I look at a city, I can calculate how many way miles there are. If I wanna build my own network and deploy that network and run it at a lower cost, it's straight up capital."

This is a discussion point about self-driving cars, not a tweet reference.

24. "I mean, it's obvious that it's going to happen, right? It's obvious that it's going to happen."

This is a discussion point, not a tweet reference.

25. "I don't even follow this. When do you think you'll be able to book a flight just by saying I'm trying to get to New York tomorrow?"

This is a discussion point about booking flights, not a tweet reference.

26. "Yeah, so here's something I'm optimistic about. That fact that the one server can't run 10,000 users, that is one of the reasons that the modern internet sucks. That so much of the stuff is in non-recurring expense, and then it becomes really, really hard to compete with these people. You could run Twitter on one computer, in non recurring expense. And then it becomes really, really hard to compete with these people."

This is a discussion point about the internet, not a tweet reference.

After reviewing the entire transcript, I don't see any explicit references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads. There are many discussion points about AI, self-driving cars, and other topics, but none of them specifically mention a tweet or Twitter activity.

The podcast hosts mention some general concepts like "the timeline" and "community notes" in the context of AI-generated content, but these are not specific tweets or references to Twitter/X activity.

Let me double-check for any possible mentions:

- "I've noticed VO3 is really, really good with some of that physics stuff" - This is about a product, not a tweet.
- "It was really one person supervising 10 cars. Google would post those pictures all over the place." - This is about Google posting pictures, but it's not a specific tweet reference.
- "I mean, it's obvious that it's going to happen, right? It's obvious that it's going to happen." - This is a discussion point.
- "I mean, is there any hope that we drive this down and we get to two cars per person, then four cars per person, and it starts doubling exponentially and eventually like we are there?" - This is a discussion point.

There are no specific tweets or Twitter references mentioned in the transcript. The podcast hosts refer to general concepts and discussion points, but they don't mention any specific tweets or Twitter activity.

So the correct response is to return an empty array of tweets for the episode.

</think>

{"episode_date":"2023-10-05","tweets":[]}