<think>
Let me carefully go through the podcast transcript to find all references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads.

I'll look for phrases like:
- "tweeted"
- "X post"
- "on the timeline"
- "thread"
- "quote tweet"
- "reply"
- "mentioned on Twitter"

Let's scan through the transcript:

1. "Gary Marcus' claim is that Oracle will not draw all that $300 billion down on schedule." - This is about Gary Marcus' opinion, but it's not explicitly stated as a tweet.

2. "He says, I don't know when the Gen. AI bubble will end, but this has got to be peak bubble." - This is about Gary Marcus' post, but not specifically a tweet.

3. "He's highlighting the Oracle OpenAI signed $300 billion cloud deal." - This is just summarizing the content.

4. "Martin Screlli commented on the original post and said, do you want a short open AI at a $500 billion market cap, which I think is an interesting question, right?" - This is a quote from Martin Screlli, but it's not explicitly stated as a tweet.

5. "He said, in short, OpenAI doesn't have $300 billion." - This is part of the discussion, not a tweet reference.

6. "I wonder what Warren Buffett has to say about all this." - No tweet reference.

7. "He's hanging out with Jim Kramer, yeah." - This is about Warren Buffett hanging out with Jim Kramer, not a tweet.

8. "Jim Kramer, yes. We were hanging out with Jim Kramer." - This is about meeting Jim Kramer, not a tweet reference.

9. "He's incredibly fun to talk to." - Not a tweet reference.

10. "He said, I love Apple. It's a stock you own. You don't trade it." - This is about what Jim Kramer said, but it's not stated as a tweet.

11. "the inverse Kramer, it is a meme, it's an ETF, it's done somewhat well in various times." - This is about a meme related to Jim Kramer, but not a specific tweet.

12. "There was one analysis that did look at all of his buy and sell ratings. They tried to get as close as possible to, like, what it would look like to just take every recommendation and put it in their portfolio." - This is about an analysis, not a tweet.

13. "They found that it did actually outperform the market, but it outperformed the market when the market was going up and it underperformed the market when the market was going down because it was effectively like beta on, it wasn't producing alpha." - This is about the analysis, not a tweet.

14. "There's that joke about Michael Berry where it's like he's predicted eight of the last two, like, market crashes." - This is a general reference to a joke about Michael Berry, not a specific tweet.

15. "I think Gary Marcus has said many times, like, oh, this is the end." - This is general knowledge about Gary Marcus, not a specific tweet.

16. "Nepal. Yes. The Gen Z of Nepal overthrew the government and have chosen their new leader via poll on a Discord server." - This is a statement about Nepal, not a tweet.

I don't see any explicit references to specific tweets, quote tweets, replies, or threads in the transcript. The hosts discuss opinions and ideas (like Gary Marcus' views on the AI bubble), but they don't cite specific tweets or provide verbatim quotes of tweets.

Let me double-check for any possible references I might have missed:

- "Gary Marcus' claim" - This refers to Gary Marcus' opinion, but it's not stated as a tweet.
- "Martin Screlli commented on the original post" - This suggests Martin Screlli made a comment, but it's not specified as a tweet.
- "The inverse Kramer, it is a meme, it's an ETF" - This is about a meme, not a specific tweet.

After reviewing the entire transcript, I don't see any specific references to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads. The hosts discuss opinions and ideas, but they don't cite or quote specific tweets.

So the JSON should be:
{
  "episode_date": "2025-09-11",
  "tweets": []
}

</think>

{"episode_date": "2025-09-11", "tweets": []}