<think>
Let me carefully go through the transcript to find all mentions of tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, or threads.

I'll look for phrases like:
- "tweeted at us"
- "on Twitter"
- "on X"
- "posted"
- "timeline"
- "mentioned on Twitter"

Going through the transcript:

1. "I'm sure people joined not knowing what it was, tried to join, not knowing what it was for, which being like looks like a fun party." - This refers to a tweet about config crave but doesn't quote a specific tweet.

2. "I saw that. Jason, you really loved that. Celebrities here are our community. So we wanted to feature them." - This refers to a Twitter account called "popcrave" but doesn't quote a specific tweet.

3. "We had a day zero block party outside on Howard Street yesterday called config commons that was so much fun, like great music, great vibes, people really warmed up." - This is describing an event, not a tweet.

4. "You saw the, I think we talked about the auto, the FigPal CGI video." - This refers to a video, not a tweet.

5. "We like to have fun and bring that vibe while also like sharing clear factual information." - This is about their general approach to social media.

6. "Oh, he's so fun. He's going to do a great talk later today." - This refers to a person who will speak, not a tweet.

7. "We talked about this. I want to enable, we have a bunch of brand assets at TBPN, and people will remix them and use them in different ways." - This is about their brand assets, not a tweet.

8. "And sometimes I look at an image, I'm like, oh, this is like hilarious. I want to reshare it, but like the logo is not quite right." - This is about their brand assets, not a tweet.

9. "Yeah, I've got to find the right developer and they're like, okay, I can get to it in a week and then you're like, can you do it in two days?" - This is about a workflow, not a tweet.

10. "We talked about this. I want to enable, we have a bunch of brand assets at TBPN, and people will remix them and use them in different ways." - This is about their brand assets, not a tweet.

11. "The third best is in the early days of Figma when it was really small they were trying to recruit this intern to come work at Figma. She was really into K-pop so Dylan and the early team filmed a K-pop music video for her. That's like really hardcore recruiting for an intern. It must not have been very good. She declined the internship." - This is describing an event, not a tweet.

12. "There's so much good lore around that. Like Eric Gleiman has that video of him speaking fluent Chinese on some game show." - This is about a video, not a tweet.

13. "I don't know if you've seen this. Oh, it's fantastic at ramp. Is he a fluent speaker? Yeah, yeah. So he was over in China for, I don't know, a semester, maybe a couple of years or something. Went on a game show show is telling all these jokes and like getting a uproarious applause when it's remarkable. And then of course, Scott Wu at cognition has that video of him doing like the most complex math imaginable is like a child." - This is about videos, not tweets.

I'm not finding any specific tweets, quote tweets, replies, or threads that are directly quoted or described in the transcript. The references to social media are general ("on Twitter", "X/Twitter") but don't include specific tweets or their content.

The only specific reference to a social media post is:
- "We changed our social handles to be called config crave, which I don't know if you all follow popcrave on Twitter."

But this is referring to a handle, not a specific tweet or content. The transcript doesn't quote any specific tweet content.

Let me double check:

- "We had a day zero block party outside on Howard Street yesterday called config commons that was so much fun, like great music, great vibes, people really warmed up." - This is describing an event, not a tweet.

- "You saw the, I think we talked about the auto, the FigPal CGI video." - This is referring to a video, not a tweet.

- "I saw that. Jason, you really loved that. Celebrities here are our community. So we wanted to feature them." - This refers to "popcrave" but doesn't quote a specific tweet.

I'm not seeing any specific tweets or tweet content that would fit the requirements.

After carefully reviewing the transcript, I don't see any specific tweets, quote tweets, replies, or threads that are quoted or described with their content. The only reference to Twitter is about changing their social handles to "config crave" and following "popcrave" on Twitter, but no actual tweet content is quoted.

So the correct response is to return an empty tweets array.

</think>

{
  "episode_date": "2025-03-13",
  "tweets": []
}