<think>
We are given a transcript and need to extract every reference to tweets, X/Twitter posts, quote tweets, replies, and threads.

Let's go through the transcript and look for any mentions of Twitter/X, tweets, or specific posts.

Key phrases to look for:
- "tweet"
- "X"
- "Twitter"
- "on the timeline" (as in "on Twitter timeline")
- "reply", "quote", "thread"

Scanning the transcript:

1. "We are back. [...] I did think it was funny that we are in a world where demand for robots is surging and also demand for human labor appears to be surging." -> No tweet reference.

2. "Travis Kalanick himself." -> This is about a reply from Travis Kalanick. The context: "We discussed it on the show yesterday, and we got a reply from none other than Travis Callanick himself." -> This is a reference to a tweet (reply) from Travis Kalanick.

   - Author: "Travis Kalanick" (note: the transcript says "Callanick" but that's a typo, it's Travis Kalanick)
   - Content: We need to find the exact content of the reply. The transcript says: "He can add to it." and then they talk about his reply. But the actual content of the tweet is not quoted verbatim. However, the transcript says: "We got a reply from none other than Travis Kalanick himself." and then they discuss what he said. But we don't have the exact text of the tweet. We have to look for a quote.

   Looking for the quote: 
   "Travis said delivery app tipping isn't about feedback feedback mechanisms it's a tool for maximizing the price paid by consumers eaters are economically irrational with tip for every $1 in tip they economically behave as if it were 80 cents this is just a hypothetical figure but it's directionally true because you feel emotionally good about tipping, mentally, you give it less, it feels less painful to part with those dollars. If there's $10 in taxes and $10 in tip, you'll be like, oh, I feel good about the $10 in tip. That feels like $8, and the taxes, that feels bad, right? And it happens on the other side. So couriers are also economically irrational with tip. For every $1 in tip, they economically behave as if it were $1.20, again, directional. And so you feel good when you're tipped. And so you treat those dollars as more valuable. And so this is a hack on the human psyche, which apps must implement and maximize or miss out on economic surplus that their competitor will use to defeat them. And so even if you have, your whole brand is built around our app doesn't tip, remember this happened with Uber, if your competitor is using tips, if they implement tips, they will just be making more money than you because of this economic inefficiency that arises from the nature of the human psyche. I read this as adding tipping is inevitable. Adding tipping is inevitable. We're not doing it right now, but eventually someone will come to the market, do it. We will have to in order to compete."

   This is a quote from Travis Kalanick's tweet? Actually, the transcript says: "Travis said" and then this is what he wrote in his tweet? Or is it what he said in the reply? The context: "We got a reply from none other than Travis Kalanick himself." and then they say "Travis said", so we are being told that this is the content of his reply.

   So we have the content as described. But note: the transcript says "Travis said", meaning that the quote is taken from his tweet. We must use the exact words as quoted in the transcript.

   However, note the transcript does not say "he tweeted", but says "we got a reply", so it's a reply to the podcast host's tweet? But the content is given.

   We'll take the content as the quoted part from the transcript.

   But note: the transcript says "Travis said", so we'll use that as the content.

   However, the instruction says: "verbatim quote of the tweet as read/described in the transcript". So we copy the exact words as they are in the transcript.

   The exact words in the transcript (as quoted by the host) are:
   "delivery app tipping isn't about feedback feedback mechanisms it's a tool for maximizing the price paid by consumers eaters are economically irrational with tip for every $1 in tip they economically behave as if it were 80 cents this is just a hypothetical figure but it's directionally true because you feel emotionally good about tipping, mentally, you give it less, it feels less painful to part with those dollars. If there's $10 in taxes and $10 in tip, you'll be like, oh, I feel good about the $10 in tip. That feels like $8, and the taxes, that feels bad, right? And it happens on the other side. So couriers are also economically irrational with tip. For every $1 in tip, they economically behave as if it were $1.20, again, directional. And so you feel good when you're tipped. And so you treat those dollars as more valuable. And so this is a hack on the human psyche, which apps must implement and maximize or miss out on economic surplus that their competitor will use to defeat them. And so even if you have, your whole brand is built around our app doesn't tip, remember this happened with Uber, if your competitor is using tips, if they implement tips, they will just be making more money than you because of this economic inefficiency that arises from the nature of the human psyche. I read this as adding tipping is inevitable. Adding tipping is inevitable."

   But note: the transcript has a typo: "feedback feedback" and "eaters" (should be "eaters" but it's "eaters" in the transcript? Actually, it's "eaters" but the context is about consumers). We must copy exactly.

   However, the transcript has a lot of run-on. We'll take the entire paragraph as the content.

   But note: the transcript says "Travis said", so we are to take that as the content of the tweet.

   So:
   author: "Travis Kalanick"
   content: "delivery app tipping isn't about feedback feedback mechanisms it's a tool for maximizing the price paid by consumers eaters are economically irrational with tip for every $1 in tip they economically behave as if it were 80 cents this is just a hypothetical figure but it's directionally true because you feel emotionally good about tipping, mentally, you give it less, it feels less painful to part with those dollars. If there's $10 in taxes and $10 in tip, you'll be like, oh, I feel good about the $10 in tip. That feels like $8, and the taxes, that feels bad, right? And it happens on the other side. So couriers are also economically irrational with tip. For every $1 in tip, they economically behave as if it were $1.20, again, directional. And so you feel good when you're tipped. And so you treat those dollars as more valuable. And so this is a hack on the human psyche, which apps must implement and maximize or miss out on economic surplus that their competitor will use to defeat them. And so even if you have, your whole brand is built around our app doesn't tip, remember this happened with Uber, if your competitor is using tips, if they implement tips, they will just be making more money than you because of this economic inefficiency that arises from the nature of the human psyche. I read this as adding tipping is inevitable. Adding tipping is inevitable."

   context: They discussed Travis Kalanick's reply to their previous tweet about his new startup Picnic.

   type: "reply" (because it's a reply to their tweet)

   Note: The transcript says "we got a reply", so it's a reply.

3. Later: "I remember in the early days of Uber. Like, it was amazing because you didn't need to think about the tip." -> This is not a reference to a specific tweet.

4. "Travis Kalanick is an investor at Uber." -> This is a fact, not a tweet.

5. "The Google AI overview says, yes, Travis Kalanick is an investor at Uber." -> Not a tweet.

6. "Travis Kalanick is an investor at Uber." -> Again, a fact.

7. "I'm trying to find if Travis is an investor in Zipline." -> Not a tweet.

8. "Travis Kalanick is an investor at Uber." -> Repeated.

9. "He's a desal with a crazy P-Dome." -> Not a tweet.

10. "Michael Burry says every company listed below has suspicious revenue recognition." -> This is a reference to Michael Burry's tweet. The transcript says: "Michael Burry says every company listed below has suspicious revenue recognition." and then they describe what he said.

    But note: the transcript does not give the exact tweet content. It says "Michael Burry says", so we have to take the content as described.

    However, the transcript then says: "The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable. The future will regard this a picture of fraud, not a flywheel. True end damage is ridiculous. demand. True end demand is ridiculously small. Almost all customers are funded by their dealers."

    So we'll take the quoted part as the content.

    But note: the transcript says "Michael Burry says", so the content is the quoted text.

    So:
    author: "Michael Burry"
    content: "every company listed below has suspicious revenue recognition. The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable. The future will regard this a picture of fraud, not a flywheel. True end damage is ridiculous. demand. True end demand is ridiculously small. Almost all customers are funded by their dealers."
    (Note: the transcript has "True end damage" but it's probably "True end demand", but we copy exactly as in transcript: "True end damage is ridiculous. demand.")

    context: They are discussing Michael Burry's tweet about suspicious revenue recognition in AI companies.

    type: "original" (since it's a standalone tweet by Michael Burry)

11. "He's a desal with a crazy P-Dome." -> Not a tweet.

12. "The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable." -> This is part of Michael Burry's tweet, already covered.

13. "Meltem says" -> Meltem is a person, but the transcript doesn't say she tweeted. It's a quote from the podcast host? Actually, the transcript says "Meltem says" but it's not clear if it's a tweet or just a quote from the podcast. The context: "Meltem says Nvidia earnings call for 60 seconds." -> This is not a reference to a tweet by Meltem, but the host is quoting Meltem. However, we are only to extract references to tweets. So unless Meltem posted this on Twitter, we don't include. The transcript doesn't say "Meltem tweeted", so we skip.

14. "Tyler's permabulling." -> Not a tweet.

15. "Nvidia just printed one of the biggest sequential growth quarters the sector has ever seen" -> This is a quote from the podcast, not a tweet.

16. "I can see that there." -> Not a tweet.

17. "The Google AI overview says, yes, Travis Kalanick is an investor at Uber." -> Not a tweet.

18. "Gemini says, I could not find definitive evidence." -> Not a tweet.

19. "The future will regard this a picture of fraud, not a flywheel." -> This is part of Michael Burry's tweet, already covered.

20. "He's a desal with a crazy P-Dome." -> Not a tweet.

21. "He's a D-Sel with a zero P-Dume, I guess." -> Not a tweet.

22. "I don't know if this is fully confirmed at this point, but Massimo, Rainmaker, 1973, shares new research, misspelled there. New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction." -> This is a reference to a tweet by Massimo Rainmaker? The transcript says "Massimo, Rainmaker, 1973, shares new research". So it's a tweet by Massimo Rainmaker.

    But note: the transcript says "Massimo, Rainmaker, 1973" — this might be a handle or a name. We'll take the author as "Massimo Rainmaker".

    The content: The transcript doesn't quote the tweet verbatim. It says: "New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction."

    But the transcript also says: "A new study from Saurland University has overturned that longstanding idea."

    However, the tweet content is described as "New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction."

    So we'll use that as the content.

    author: "Massimo Rainmaker"
    content: "New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction."
    context: They are discussing the research about ice slipperiness that was shared in a tweet by Massimo Rainmaker.
    type: "original"

23. "Boris Power here says, who's the head of applied research at OpenAI, says, wow, this is one of the bigger, firm beliefs I held that got overturned." -> This is a quote from Boris Power, but is it from a tweet? The transcript says "Boris Power here says", but it's in the context of the podcast. However, the podcast is reading a tweet? The transcript doesn't say "Boris Power tweeted", so we cannot assume it's a tweet. It might be that Boris Power tweeted this, but the transcript doesn't explicitly say so. The context: "Boris Power here says" — and then they say what he said. But note: the transcript says "Boris Power here says", meaning in the podcast, so it's not a tweet reference. We are only to extract when the podcast refers to a tweet. So unless the podcast says "Boris Power tweeted", we skip.

    However, the transcript says: "Boris Power here says, who's the head of applied research at OpenAI, says, wow, this is one of the bigger, firm beliefs I held that got overturned." — This is a quote from the podcast host reporting on what Boris Power said (presumably in a tweet). But the transcript doesn't explicitly say "Boris Power tweeted this". It's ambiguous.

    But note: the transcript says "Boris Power here says", meaning in the podcast. So it's not a reference to a tweet, it's a quote from the podcast host. Therefore, we skip.

24. "I wonder how long until we get non-slip shoes for ice." -> This is a quote from the podcast host, not a tweet.

25. "One of my friends was worried about getting canceled because the first tweet he ever posted, like decades ago when he first got on Twitter was, I just slipped on some iced, hashtag F-I-I-E, like F-U-C-K-I-C-E." -> This is a reference to a tweet by the friend.

    author: "unknown" (because it's a friend, not named)
    content: "I just slipped on some iced, hashtag F-I-I-E, like F-U-C-K-I-C-E"
    context: The host is telling a story about a friend's first tweet.
    type: "reference" (vague mention without specific content, but we have the content as quoted)

    However, note: the transcript says "the first tweet he ever posted", so it's a specific tweet. We have the content.

    So:
    author: "unknown"
    content: "I just slipped on some iced, hashtag F-I-I-E, like F-U-C-K-I-C-E"
    context: The host shares a story about a friend's first tweet, which was a joke about slipping on ice.
    type: "reference"

26. "The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable." -> This is part of Michael Burry's tweet, already covered.

27. "Grock says Elon is more fit than LeBron and would win a fight against Mike Tyson." -> This is a reference to a tweet by Grock (likely a typo for "Grok", the AI model? or a person?).

    The transcript says: "Grock says Elon is more fit than LeBron and would win a fight against Mike Tyson."

    Then: "Fact check, true. You're absolutely right. I'm going to ask Grock if this is true."

    So it's a tweet by Grock.

    But note: "Grock" is likely a typo for "Grok", but we'll use the name as given: "Grock".

    However, the transcript says "Grock", so we use "Grock".

    But wait: the transcript says "Grock" and then "Grock", so it's consistent.

    author: "Grock"
    content: "Elon is more fit than LeBron and would win a fight against Mike Tyson."
    context: The host discusses a tweet by Grock (Grock) making a claim about Elon Musk.
    type: "original"

28. "Many people are doing this. I mean, you went in SORA and you said, depict me as a bodybuilder." -> This is not a tweet, it's a general statement.

29. "Preciant New Yorker cartoon that saw prediction markets coming more than half a century in advance." -> This is a reference to a New Yorker cartoon, not a tweet.

30. "June 27, 927." -> This is a date, not a tweet.

31. "If you can't see this, it's the arrivals at an airport, and there's flights that are arriving from Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh." -> This is a description, not a tweet.

32. "They depart at 8 a.m. They arrive at 10.20 a.m." -> Not a tweet.

33. "And then there's odds listed there because, of course, you'll want to bet on when the plane lands." -> Not a tweet.

34. "Now you can, maybe, you're close to being able to with the prediction markets on their relentless march to take over the world." -> Not a tweet.

35. "Group chats will now be available for all logged in users on chatchipt free go plus and propans." -> This is about ChatGPT, not a tweet.

36. "We mentioned this earlier. It's official. They're rolling out globally." -> Not a tweet.

37. "I didn't know there's a Chachapitgo plan." -> Not a tweet.

38. "ChatGPT is turning into a social app." -> Not a tweet.

39. "Sam pulled it off before Zuck could make the meta-AI app good enough to compete with ChatGPT." -> Not a tweet.

40. "It says Uchin Jin. Axen Grock could have a real chance to do it too, but it's rough watching DMs and chat keep breaking." -> This is a typo. "Axen Grock" is likely "Grock" (Grok) and "Uchin Jin" is a typo for "X" (Twitter) and "Axen" for "X" (as in X.com). But it's a reference to a tweet? The transcript says "It says", meaning in a tweet? But it's not clear.

    Actually, the transcript says: "It says Uchin Jin." — this is likely a typo for "X" (the platform) and "Uchin" for "X" (since X used to be Twitter, and "Uchin" might be a mishearing of "X" or "X's"). But the context: "Axen Grock" — probably "X Grock", meaning a tweet by Grock on X.

    But the transcript doesn't quote the content. It says "It says Uchin Jin", which is confusing.

    Given the context, it's likely a reference to a tweet by Grock (Grock) that was mentioned earlier? But we already have one for Grock.

    However, the transcript says: "Axen Grock could have a real chance to do it too", which is a separate comment. So this is not a new tweet reference.

    We already extracted the Grock tweet about Elon.

    So we skip.

41. "CNBC said meta plans to release a standalone meta AI app in an effort to compete with OpenAI's ChatGPT" -> This is a news report, not a tweet.

42. "Sam Allman said, okay, fine, maybe we'll do a social app." -> Not a tweet.

43. "He did. He did SORA, and now he's adding social features to Chatchapit Core." -> Not a tweet.

44. "I don't know if this is fully confirmed at this point, but Massimo, Rainmaker, 1973, shares new research" -> Already covered as Massimo Rainmaker.

45. "Boris Power here says" -> Already skipped.

46. "The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable." -> Already covered in Michael Burry.

47. "I wonder how long until we get non-slip shoes for ice." -> Not a tweet.

48. "One of my friends was worried about getting canceled because the first tweet he ever posted" -> Already covered as the reference to the friend's tweet.

49. "Twelve lessons from our interview on Dialectic, his podcast." -> Not a tweet.

50. "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985." -> This is a reference to a photo posted by someone (the Microsoft guy) on Twitter? The transcript says: "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985." and "He's on top of the world." and "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985."

    So it's a tweet by the Microsoft guy (who is not named, but was in the clip from 1993).

    author: "unknown" (because the name is not given, just "he" from the clip)
    content: "making sheet happen since 1985" — but note, the transcript says: "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985." — so the photo is the content? But the transcript doesn't give the actual tweet text.

    The transcript says: "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985." — this is the description of the tweet. The actual content of the tweet might be the photo, but we have to take the description as the content.

    So content: "making sheet happen since 1985"

    But note: the transcript says "making sheet happen since 1985" is the caption? Or the photo itself? We'll take it as the content.

    However, the transcript also says: "He's on top of the world. We appreciate you all, and we will see you tomorrow. Love you. Goodbye. Cheers. Thank you."

    But that's the podcast host's closing, not the tweet.

    So the tweet content is "making sheet happen since 1985" — but that's not a full tweet. The transcript says: "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985." — so the photo is the content, and the caption is "making sheet happen since 1985"? But we don't have the exact words.

    We'll take the phrase as given: "making sheet happen since 1985"

    However, the transcript says "making sheet happen since 1985", which is a reference to the photo.

    So:
    author: "unknown"
    content: "making sheet happen since 1985"
    context: The host mentions a photo posted by a Microsoft employee (from 1985) that shows him using Excel.
    type: "reference"

    But note: the transcript says "He's posted a photo, making sheet happen since 1985." — so the content of the tweet is the photo, but the description is "making sheet happen since 1985". We'll use that phrase as the content.

    However, the instruction says "verbatim quote of the tweet as read/described in the transcript". The transcript describes the tweet as having the caption "making sheet happen since 1985", so we'll use that.

51. "He's looking great. He's on top of the world." -> Not a tweet.

Now, let's list all the tweets we found:

1. Travis Kalanick's reply (about tipping)
2. Michael Burry's tweet (about revenue recognition)
3. Massimo Rainmaker's tweet (about ice slipperiness)
4. Friend's tweet (about slipping on ice)
5. Grock's tweet (about Elon)
6. Microsoft guy's tweet (about making sheet happen since 1985)

But note: the transcript says "Travis Kalanick" and the transcript has a typo "Callanick", but we use "Travis Kalanick".

Also, for Massimo Rainmaker: the transcript says "Massimo, Rainmaker, 1973", so we'll use "Massimo Rainmaker" as the author.

For the Microsoft guy: we don't have a name, so "unknown".

Now, let's format as JSON.

Episode date: 2025-11-21 (from the transcript)

We'll create the JSON array.

Note: The transcript also says "Shulte Douglas over at Anthropics says, this is insanely, insanely impressive." — but this is not a tweet, it's a quote from the podcast host. So skip.

Now, write the JSON.

Important: The JSON must match the schema exactly.

We'll have:

{
  "episode_date": "2025-11-21",
  "tweets": [
    {
      "author": "Travis Kalanick",
      "content": "delivery app tipping isn't about feedback feedback mechanisms it's a tool for maximizing the price paid by consumers eaters are economically irrational with tip for every $1 in tip they economically behave as if it were 80 cents this is just a hypothetical figure but it's directionally true because you feel emotionally good about tipping, mentally, you give it less, it feels less painful to part with those dollars. If there's $10 in taxes and $10 in tip, you'll be like, oh, I feel good about the $10 in tip. That feels like $8, and the taxes, that feels bad, right? And it happens on the other side. So couriers are also economically irrational with tip. For every $1 in tip, they economically behave as if it were $1.20, again, directional. And so you feel good when you're tipped. And so you treat those dollars as more valuable. And so this is a hack on the human psyche, which apps must implement and maximize or miss out on economic surplus that their competitor will use to defeat them. And so even if you have, your whole brand is built around our app doesn't tip, remember this happened with Uber, if your competitor is using tips, if they implement tips, they will just be making more money than you because of this economic inefficiency that arises from the nature of the human psyche. I read this as adding tipping is inevitable. Adding tipping is inevitable.",
      "context": "Discussing Travis Kalanick's reply to their tweet about his new startup Picnic",
      "type": "reply"
    },
    {
      "author": "Michael Burry",
      "content": "every company listed below has suspicious revenue recognition. The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable. The future will regard this a picture of fraud, not a flywheel. True end damage is ridiculous. demand. True end demand is ridiculously small. Almost all customers are funded by their dealers.",
      "context": "Discussing Michael Burry's tweet about suspicious revenue recognition in AI companies",
      "type": "original"
    },
    {
      "author": "Massimo Rainmaker",
      "content": "New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction.",
      "context": "Discussing the research about ice slipperiness shared in a tweet",
      "type": "original"
    },
    {
      "author": "unknown",
      "content": "I just slipped on some iced, hashtag F-I-I-E, like F-U-C-K-I-C-E",
      "context": "Host sharing a story about a friend's first tweet",
      "type": "reference"
    },
    {
      "author": "Grock",
      "content": "Elon is more fit than LeBron and would win a fight against Mike Tyson.",
      "context": "Discussing a tweet by Grock making a claim about Elon Musk",
      "type": "original"
    },
    {
      "author": "unknown",
      "content": "making sheet happen since 1985",
      "context": "Host mentioning a photo posted by a Microsoft employee on Twitter",
      "type": "reference"
    }
  ]
}

But note: the transcript has "F-I-I-E" and "F-U-C-K-I-C-E", so we keep the spelling.

Also, for the Massimo Rainmaker tweet, the content is exactly as in the transcript: "New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction."

Now, check the types:

- Travis: reply (because it's a reply to the podcast host's tweet)
- Michael Burry: original
- Massimo Rainmaker: original
- Friend: reference (vague mention, but we have the content)
- Grock: original
- Microsoft guy: reference

We have six tweets.

But note: the transcript says "Travis Kalanick" but the transcript has a typo "Callanick", but we use the correct name.

Also, for the Microsoft guy, we used "unknown" because the name wasn't given.

Now, write the JSON without any extra text.

Important: The JSON must be valid.

Let's write it.

</think>

{"episode_date":"2025-11-21","tweets":[{"author":"Travis Kalanick","content":"delivery app tipping isn't about feedback feedback mechanisms it's a tool for maximizing the price paid by consumers eaters are economically irrational with tip for every $1 in tip they economically behave as if it were 80 cents this is just a hypothetical figure but it's directionally true because you feel emotionally good about tipping, mentally, you give it less, it feels less painful to part with those dollars. If there's $10 in taxes and $10 in tip, you'll be like, oh, I feel good about the $10 in tip. That feels like $8, and the taxes, that feels bad, right? And it happens on the other side. So couriers are also economically irrational with tip. For every $1 in tip, they economically behave as if it were $1.20, again, directional. And so you feel good when you're tipped. And so you treat those dollars as more valuable. And so this is a hack on the human psyche, which apps must implement and maximize or miss out on economic surplus that their competitor will use to defeat them. And so even if you have, your whole brand is built around our app doesn't tip, remember this happened with Uber, if your competitor is using tips, if they implement tips, they will just be making more money than you because of this economic inefficiency that arises from the nature of the human psyche. I read this as adding tipping is inevitable. Adding tipping is inevitable.","context":"Discussing Travis Kalanick's reply to their tweet about his new startup Picnic","type":"reply"},{"author":"Michael Burry","content":"every company listed below has suspicious revenue recognition. The actual chart with all the give and take deals would be unreadable. The future will regard this a picture of fraud, not a flywheel. True end damage is ridiculous. demand. True end demand is ridiculously small. Almost all customers are funded by their dealers.","context":"Discussing Michael Burry's tweet about suspicious revenue recognition in AI companies","type":"original"},{"author":"Massimo Rainmaker","content":"New research. Research shows ice is slippery because of electrical charges, not pressure and friction.","context":"Discussing the research about ice slipperiness shared in a tweet","type":"original"},{"author":"unknown","content":"I just slipped on some iced, hashtag F-I-I-E, like F-U-C-K-I-C-E","context":"Host sharing a story about a friend's first tweet","type":"reference"},{"author":"Grock","content":"Elon is more fit than LeBron and would win a fight against Mike Tyson.","context":"Discussing a tweet by Grock making a claim about Elon Musk","type":"original"},{"author":"unknown","content":"making sheet happen since 1985","context":"Host mentioning a photo posted by a Microsoft employee on Twitter","type":"reference"}]}